Hi! I placed an order on your website and I can't find the tracking number. Can you help me find out where my package is?
Hi!
I placed an order on your website and I can't find the tracking number.
Can you help me find out where my package is?
I think I used my email address to log in.
My battery exploded!
It's on fire, it's melting the carpet!
What should I do!
I'm interested in upgrading my plan.
Can you tell me a bit about Prime?
My friend has it, and it seems like a great deal
Hello
Hello Werner how may I help you today?
I have recently moved to a new apartment and would like to update my contact details
Sure I can help you with that? Could you please provide me with your new address?
Sure I can help you with that?
Could you please provide me with your new address?
Ok, 5 Seaman Ave, Apt 3F, New York, New York, 10034
Let me update that information on our system
OK Wernzio, I have updated your address to the system
Great, thank. I also need to place a order for a new installation as the place I live currently does not have the required wiring
Great, thank.
I also need to place a order for a new installation as the place I live currently does not have the required wiring
Ok let me go ahead and request a work order for a new installation. Give me a moment...
Ok let me go ahead and request a work order for a new installation.
Give me a moment...
OK a installation order has been places. Seems the earilest we will be able to help you  is from the 20th February onwards
OK a installation order has been places.
Seems the earilest we will be able to help you  is from the 20th February onwards
does that suite you?
Yes. It soes
Yes.
It soes
good, I have scheduled. A operator will be contacted you one day prior to lock down a time slot.
good, I have scheduled.
A operator will be contacted you one day prior to lock down a time slot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it right now.
Great, was my pleasure helping you. Have a great day Wernzio
Great, was my pleasure helping you.
Have a great day Wernzio
Hey Acme, I am having problems with my cable tv...
Hey Wernzio, What problems are you experiencing?
From like a hour ago my able service just stopped workig
Interesting, let me quickly have a look what the status for your neighborhood is.
Give me a moment
It seems currently we are experiencing technical problems in near your vicinity.
We have sent out a technician and expect to have the problem resolved within the next 30min. I am sorry for the inconveniences.
We have sent out a technician and expect to have the problem resolved within the next 30min.
I am sorry for the inconveniences.
Not a problem.
So my service should be resolve within he next 30 min?
Give or take a few minutes. If you wish to check in later what the status is just contact us again.
Give or take a few minutes.
If you wish to check in later what the status is just contact us again.
Can I assist you with anything else?
No I am fine thanks..
In that case have a good night further Wernzio.
Hi! I just moved into a new apartment. My apt doesn't have the cables needed so I need to get a new installation and update my account with my new address...
Hi!
I just moved into a new apartment.
My apt doesn't have the cables needed so I need to get a new installation and update my account with my new address...
Hey Snoopy, I am able to help you
Great!
Could you please specify you address?
Sure it is: 222 Woodstock Lane, Lucy CO 86536
Great let me input that into the system,  I will also order create a new installation request at that location...
give me one moment
Sure! Thanks!
Sure!
Thanks!
OK Snoopy, you address has been updated. I have also created a new installation ticket. The earliest we can help you is 20 February at 15:00. Does this suite you?
OK Snoopy, you address has been updated.
I have also created a new installation ticket.
The earliest we can help you is 20 February at 15:00.
Does this suite you?
Yes that's fine!
Great snoopy, I have created the ticket. A operator will contact you a day before the time to verfiy.
Great snoopy, I have created the ticket.
A operator will contact you a day before the time to verfiy.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thanks!
No.
Thanks!
Ok, Snoopy. Was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day further!
Ok, Snoopy.
Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day further!
I need some help please...
Hello snoopy, how may I help you?
None of my channels are working! What could be wrong???
None of my channels are working!
What could be wrong??
?
I am sorry to hear that. Let me look on the system if there are any notification regarding the area close to where you live.
I am sorry to hear that.
Let me look on the system if there are any notification regarding the area close to where you live.
One moment
Surr
Sure
Snoopy, it seems we are currently experiencing technical problems. We have however dispatched a technician to resolve this problem.
Snoopy, it seems we are currently experiencing technical problems.
We have however dispatched a technician to resolve this problem.
Oh great! Thanks!
Oh great!
Thanks!
When?
We apologies for this inconvenience, the technician just got back to us and says the problem should be resolved in 30min.
Great thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No! Thanks!
No!
Thanks!
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
I've recently moved and need to have service installed at my new apartment.
Hello Jason, i can help you with that. Could you please specify you new address?
Hello Jason, i can help you with that.
Could you please specify you new address?
Sure, it's 4623 Alpaca Way #3, Buena Park, CA 90621
OK let me just add that to the system give me a moment.
OK Jason, your new address has been inputted. Would you like me to transfer your service to that address also?
OK Jason, your new address has been inputted.
Would you like me to transfer your service to that address also?
At this point I just need to have the cabling installed. Once I move everything over I can change my address. How do I get an installation set up?
At this point I just need to have the cabling installed.
Once I move everything over I can change my address.
How do I get an installation set up?
That is no problem, let me schedule and installation appointment.
Great, thank you
OK Jason, an appointment has been scheduled, the earliest we are able to help is Thursday the 19 Feb at 15:00. Does this suite you?
OK Jason, an appointment has been scheduled, the earliest we are able to help is Thursday the 19 Feb at 15:00.
Does this suite you?
Yes thanks
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you very much
No thank you, that will be all.
Great, in that case have a good day further.
Hello
Test
Blah
test
Gg
hello werner how are things going ?\
Hello! I just moved apartments and need to set up an appointment to install service at my new place.
Hello!
I just moved apartments and need to set up an appointment to install service at my new place.
Hey John, I can help you with that. Could you please give me your new address?
Hey John, I can help you with that.
Could you please give me your new address?
Sure, it's 4685 Douglas Dairy Road apt. C, Ceres, VA 24315
Sure, it's 4685 Douglas Dairy Road apt.
C, Ceres, VA 24315
let me input that into the system. Give me one moment.
let me input that into the system.
Give me one moment.
OK John, your address has been updated. The earliest available appointment is, Friday morning the 20th Feb. At 10:00am.
OK John, your address has been updated.
The earliest available appointment is, Friday morning the 20th Feb. At 10:00am.
Does this time suite you?
yes that's fine
OK John, I have confirmed the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK John, I have confirmed the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, thank you. That will be all.
Great, thank you.
That will be all.
Good, thank for your time. Was a pleasure helping you.
Good, thank for your time.
Was a pleasure helping you.
Hello, none of my cable channels are working, just a blank screen. What could be causing that?
Hello, none of my cable channels are working, just a blank screen.
What could be causing that?
O dear, I am sorry to hear that.
Let me quickly pull up the system information for your area
A it seems there is a service outage reported. I also see we have dispatched a technician.
A it seems there is a service outage reported.
I also see we have dispatched a technician.
Let me contact to find an estimated time on completion
Great, thank you
OK John, I have just gotten off the phone with the technician and he mentioned that it was only a minor glitch. He should have service back up and running by 30min.
OK John, I have just gotten off the phone with the technician and he mentioned that it was only a minor glitch.
He should have service back up and running by 30min.
Is that fine ?
Ok, great I'll try again then
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it
Great in that case have a good day further John
Hello
Hello werner, How may I assist you today?
I recently purchased tickets for goldfish.
However I just realized you guys double charged me on the transaction
O dear, I am sorry to hear that. Let me quickly try and pull up your information, one moment please
O dear, I am sorry to hear that.
Let me quickly try and pull up your information, one moment please
I see you purchase two sets of ticket to watch goldfish? However you mention you only intended to purchase 1 set?
I see you purchase two sets of ticket to watch goldfish?
However you mention you only intended to purchase 1 set?
Yes I only intended to purchase one set of tockets
OK, what I will do is issue a refund on the one set of tickets. I will however have to void the second set of tickets, which you did not intend on buying.
OK, what I will do is issue a refund on the one set of tickets.
I will however have to void the second set of tickets, which you did not intend on buying.
OK Wernzio, I have voided you second set of tickets. The tickets ending with numbers 1238 will no longer be valid.
OK Wernzio, I have voided you second set of tickets.
The tickets ending with numbers 1238 will no longer be valid.
I have also issued a refund to the credit card that you used to purchase the tickets
Great, thank you
The balance should be visible on your credit card balance within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not that is all...
Well in that case, thank for contacting us. It was a pleasure helping you and thanks for choosing ACME as your ticket provider.
Well in that case, thank for contacting us.
It was a pleasure helping you and thanks for choosing ACME as your ticket provider.
Have a great day further.
Hello acme
Hello
I just moved and need to set up new installation for Internet
Hello Olyvia, I can help you with that
Great.
Could you please specify your new address?
9030 Taylor Ave, Taylorville IL 62568
Give me one moment while I input that into the system.
OK I have updated your information.\
Let me create a new work order for the installation.
Okay
Okay
I have requested a new work order. According to the system the earliest a technician will be able to come to do the installation is on Friday the 20 Feb
I have requested a new work order.
According to the system the earliest a technician will be able to come to do the installation is on Friday the 20 Feb
Hello?
does this time suite you?
Okay
It would be in the afternoon
Hello Olyvia
Hello
would friday afternoon, the 20 February work for you?
Are you having problems seeing my messages?
Olyvia, are you experiencing any problem reading or seeing my messages?
There we go. Sorry, I had to restart the app to see the new messages. 2/20 works for me
There we go.
Sorry, I had to restart the app to see the new messages.
2/20 works for me
Great, thank for the feedback:) I will add that to  bugs which required fixing.
Thank you.
I have scheduled, the installation.
anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for your help :)
Great in that case have a good day further.
Hello
Hello
I'm having problems with my cable TV.
Hello Olyvia, I am sorry to hear that. What problems are you experiencing?
Hello Olyvia, I am sorry to hear that.
What problems are you experiencing?
None of the channels are showing
I am sorry about that. Have you tried to restart your entertainment system?
I am sorry about that.
Have you tried to restart your entertainment system?
Yes, I've tried that several times to no avail
in that case let me, have a look on the system if we have any technical issues reported around your region.
Okay. Great.
Okay.
Great.
It seems there is currently a technical issue that have been reported. We have sent out a technician and I see on the system he estimates it will take 30min to resolve the problem.
It seems there is currently a technical issue that have been reported.
We have sent out a technician and I see on the system he estimates it will take 30min to resolve the problem.
Oh, that's great. Thank you for your help!
Oh, that's great.
Thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That will do it!
Great Olyvia, it was a pleasure helping you. Thanks for using ACME. Hope to have you watching TV soon again.
Great Olyvia, it was a pleasure helping you.
Thanks for using ACME.
Hope to have you watching TV soon again.
Thanks
It seems I was charged twice for the tickets I purchased and wanted to see about getting the overcharge straightened out.
Hey there Olyvia, let me look into this.
I see on the system you were billed twice for a set of Goldfish ticket. Is this correct?
I see on the system you were billed twice for a set of Goldfish ticket.
Is this correct?
Yes, that's right.
For official reason I just need to ensure that you did not with to received two sets of tickets
No, I only received one set of tickets, but charged double
I only wanted one set
In the case what I will do is refund your credit card which you used to do the purchase, give me one moment while I authorize this.
Okay
OK Olyvia, I have refund your credit card. The balance should be visible within two working days.
OK Olyvia, I have refund your credit card.
The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. That will do it.
Thank you.
That will do it.
It was a pleasure helping you, have a great day further.
Hi! I just moved and I need to update my address. Also, I need to schedule a new installation because the apt doesn't have the cables.
Hi!
I just moved and I need to update my address.
Also, I need to schedule a new installation because the apt doesn't have the cables.
Hello Kris, I am able to assist you with this. Could you please specify your new address?
Hello Kris, I am able to assist you with this.
Could you please specify your new address?
Sure
125 roadway lane, Santa Fe New Mexico 87623
Great I will input that into the system and check availability of our technicians
Great thanks!
You address has been updated, it seems the earliest we can help you currently is Monday the 23rd of February
in the afternoon
Ok that will work! Thanks!
Ok that will work!
Thanks!
So that will in a time between 13:00 - 17:00, will there be somebody present at that time?
Yes
Great in that case. I will just confirm the work order. While I do that is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great in that case.
I will just confirm the work order.
While I do that is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
All dine
Done
I have confirmed your installation request.
Thanks
It was a pleasure helping you, have a great day further
Hi none of my channels are working!
please help
Hey there Kris, let me try and assist you with this.
Have you tried to restart your entertainment system?
yes
I am assuming it did not resolve the problem. How long have you been experiencing this problem?
I am assuming it did not resolve the problem.
How long have you been experiencing this problem?
1 day
O dear, I apologize. Let me pull up the status report for your area...
O dear, I apologize.
Let me pull up the status report for your area...
K thx
Ahh, I see we experienced a technical failure of the routing system close to your apartment. Good news tho, we have send out a technician and he has report the problem should be fixed within the next hour.
Ahh, I see we experienced a technical failure of the routing system close to your apartment.
Good news tho, we have send out a technician and he has report the problem should be fixed within the next hour.
Oh great!
I hope it is not of too much inconvenience, luckily it is not super bowl:)
Yes!
Thank you!
Is the anything else I can assist you with? Would you like me to add your number to a list which will be notified when service is resumed?
Is the anything else I can assist you with?
Would you like me to add your number to a list which will be notified when service is resumed?
No I am good! I will just look out for it.
No I am good!
I will just look out for it.
OK Kris, in that case have a great day. I hope you will be watching TV again in no time.
OK Kris, in that case have a great day.
I hope you will be watching TV again in no time.
I recently bought tickets for a live performance I purchased the tickets online and I was double charged! I need a refund.
I recently bought tickets for a live performance I purchased the tickets online and I was double charged!
I need a refund.
Let me look into this for you. Give me a moment.
Let me look into this for you.
Give me a moment.
Ok
I see your credit card was charged twice. According to the system they also issued you two sets of tickets. From my understanding this was unintentional?
I see your credit card was charged twice.
According to the system they also issued you two sets of tickets.
From my understanding this was unintentional?
Yes!
What I will need to do it revoke the second set of tickets and authorize a refund. Will it be fine if I refund it to the credit card you used to make the purchase?
What I will need to do it revoke the second set of tickets and authorize a refund.
Will it be fine if I refund it to the credit card you used to make the purchase?
Yes that's great!
Ok, let me quickly do this for you.
I am first gonna revoke you tickets, I am revoking the tickets ending with serial number 1234
Ok
The tickets ending with 8320 are now the only valid tickets
Ok I have also authorize the refund. The balance should be visible on your credit card balance within 2 working days.
Ok I have also authorize the refund.
The balance should be visible on your credit card balance within 2 working days.
is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it! Thanks!
No that's it!
Thanks!
Great, enjoy the Goldfish show. Thanks for choosing AMCE as your ticket provider.
Great, enjoy the Goldfish show.
Thanks for choosing AMCE as your ticket provider.
Have a great day further.
Thanks!
Hey, I recently bought tickets online for a concert and I am seeing that I was charged twice for it. What should I do?
Hey, I recently bought tickets online for a concert and I am seeing that I was charged twice for it.
What should I do?
Hey There Kevin. Let me help you with this problem.
Hey There Kevin.
Let me help you with this problem.
Okay, thank yoy
Pulling up your records, I see according two the system you purchased two sets of Goldfish tickets?
However from what I am understanding this was non intented?
Yes. I only purchased one, but was charged twice.
Yes.
I only purchased one, but was charged twice.
I am sorry for this. Must a technical issue on our side. Let me resolve this for you. I will refund you for the second transaction.
I am sorry for this.
Must a technical issue on our side.
Let me resolve this for you.
I will refund you for the second transaction.
Can we issue the refund to the same credit card you used to purchase the ticket?
Yes, that works fine
Great, let me quickly authorize the refund for you.
Okay. Thank you so much
Okay.
Thank you so much
OK Kevin the refund has been authorized. The balance should be visible within two working days.
OK Kevin the refund has been authorized.
The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! And no, I think that's it.
Thank you!
And no, I think that's it.
Great Kevin. Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further...
Great Kevin.
Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further...
Hey, I was just watching tv a little while ago and my cable cut out. I fumbled around a bit with it since but I am not sure on who's end the problem is occurring. Can you help me with this?
Hey, I was just watching tv a little while ago and my cable cut out.
I fumbled around a bit with it since but I am not sure on who's end the problem is occurring.
Can you help me with this?
Sure, Kevin. Let me assist you.
Sure, Kevin.
Let me assist you.
Have you tried restarting the whole system?
Yes I have.
OK, in that case let me look if we have any reported technical issues reported around your area.
Okay, thank you
It seem you are the first person to report this problem. Let me quickly log this as a technical problem.
It seem you are the first person to report this problem.
Let me quickly log this as a technical problem.
When did the service stop working ?
I have logged the technical issue and will send out a technician as soon as possible. From my end it seems one of the exchanges around your building is down.
I have logged the technical issue and will send out a technician as soon as possible.
From my end it seems one of the exchanges around your building is down.
This typically take up to 2 hours to fix. I am sorry for this inconvenience.
This typically take up to 2 hours to fix.
I am sorry for this inconvenience.
That's okay. I can wait for the technician to come
That's okay.
I can wait for the technician to come
Great, thank for being understanding. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, thank for being understanding.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Uhm, not that I can think of. Thank you for your help!
Uhm, not that I can think of.
Thank you for your help!
OK Kevin, was pleasure assisting you. Please be sure to contact us again if the issue is not resolved soon.
OK Kevin, was pleasure assisting you.
Please be sure to contact us again if the issue is not resolved soon.
Have a great day
Hello, I just recently moved to a new place and I figured that needed to let you know about my new address so I can get cable installed here because I do not have it yet. Can you help me with this?
Hello, I just recently moved to a new place and I figured that needed to let you know about my new address so I can get cable installed here because I do not have it yet.
Can you help me with this?
Sure Kevin, thanks for notifying us of change of address. I will be able to help you with both asks.
Sure Kevin, thanks for notifying us of change of address.
I will be able to help you with both asks.
Could you please give me your new address?
Thank you.
16815 Rudence Court, Charlotte, NC 28278
Ok Kevin, I have updated your address. Regarding that cable installation, I see the earliest a technician can help you is next week Wednesday the 25 Feb
Ok Kevin, I have updated your address.
Regarding that cable installation, I see the earliest a technician can help you is next week Wednesday the 25 Feb
in the afternoon
Okay. Is there a specific timeframe when the technician will show up, or should I just expect sometime in the afternoon?
Okay.
Is there a specific timeframe when the technician will show up, or should I just expect sometime in the afternoon?
The installation would take place between 15:00 and 17:00, is that fine?
Will there be somebody at home during that time?
Yes, that is fine. I will be home then.
Yes, that is fine.
I will be home then.
Great, let me confirm that on the system.
OK done, the installation request is booked. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK done, the installation request is booked.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, thanks.
Uh no, I think that's it. Thank you very much.
Uh no, I think that's it.
Thank you very much.
OK Kevin, enjoy moving into your new apartment and hope it feels like home soon:)
have a good day further.
Hello?
Hello?
Nlah
Blah
Hey?
123
Hello?
?
Hey?
Hello?
Hey?
hello werner?
Hey there I am experiencing problems with my internet
I can help you with that. What problems are you experiencing?
I can help you with that.
What problems are you experiencing?
hello there?
Seems since moving into the new house things stopped working
I see that we have not updated you address in a while. Could you please provide me with your address?
I see that we have not updated you address in a while.
Could you please provide me with your address?
Sure, my new address is 5 Seaman Ave, Apt 3F
New York 10034
Great give me a moment while I update the system with your information
I have updated you address to the system
Now that I have updated let me look if your address is serviceable.
Ok thanks
Seems we have serviced that address and we will be able to help you. However it is required that send out a technician to ensure everything is working at the exchange
Seems we have serviced that address and we will be able to help you.
However it is required that send out a technician to ensure everything is working at the exchange
Cool nonproblem
Seems the earliest which a technician will be able to help you is this coming Friday?  Between 1-5 PM.
Seems the earliest which a technician will be able to help you is this coming Friday?
Between 1-5 PM.
Does this time suite you ? Will there be someone present at the house?
Does this time suite you ?
Will there be someone present at the house?
Yes there will be
Great so can I book the appointment then?
Sounds good
Great:)
Appointment is booked
Great
There anything else I can assist you with?
No that is it. Thank you
No that is it.
Thank you
Great, have a good day.
Hello?
Hey there
Hello?
Hello?
hello?
Hello?
Hello werner
blha
Hello werner
Sorry I will be taking over this
blah
hello
Hey
Test
Blah
Hey
Hello wernzio 2
Hello?
Hello Wernzio, how may I help you today?
I recently relocated and wanted to update my information on the ayatem
Hey
I recently purchased tickets. After completing my transaction i realized i was being charged twice. Could you please refund me the one transaction since I only intended to buy 1.
I recently purchased tickets.
After completing my transaction i realized i was being charged twice.
Could you please refund me the one transaction since I only intended to buy 1.
Hey there Clark. I can help you with this
Hey there Clark.
I can help you with this
Thanks
Looking on the system I see there is indeed two transactions.
What I can do is refund you for the second transaction.
That would be greatly appreciated
OK I have refunded the card ending with 9822
is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, you handled everything i wanted
Thank you
No problem. Have a great day further.
No problem.
Have a great day further.
You have recently relocated from your apartment and need to contact your internet provider ACME and inform them about the update of your residential address and place an order for a new installation, as your new address does not have the required cabling
Hey Jermany, I can help you with this
Thank you
could you please provide me with your new address?
7964 paddock court. Severn md.
7964 paddock court.
Severn md.
OK give a moment while I enter that into the system
Okay
Ok your contact details have been updated. Let me look if we have serviced you new address before.
Ok your contact details have been updated.
Let me look if we have serviced you new address before.
Thank you
Ah, great news we can service that address, I will just need to schedule for a technician to come install the new cabling.
The earliest he will be able to help you is this friday afternoon between 2-5pm
Does this time suite you?
Perfect.
Thank you that will work
Weill someone be home that time?
Yes
OK Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.
Have a great day further.
You too
I want to inform you that i have moved to a new location, and i would like to place an order for new installation because my new place does not have the required cabling.
Is there anybody available to assist me?
Hey Clark, I can assist you with this
Could you provide me with your new address?
Sure thing
2447 cliffwood dr henderson , NV 89074
Great U have added this to the database.
let me schedule a new appoint for you also
Thanks
earliest I can help is friday afternoon between 2-5
does this suite you?
That will work for me
I look forward to the visit
great. I have scheduled it. anything else I can help you with?
great.
I have scheduled it.
anything else I can help you with?
Nope, you have helped me tremendously
Have a nice day, thank you again
Thanks you too, have a great day.
None of my cable TV channels are working
Can you help me with this?
Can I get help with this?
Hey jeramey, Sorry to hear about this I can help you
when did this problem start?
Please help me
Have you tried restarting your system?
Jeramey?
I will look at what the system status says quickly...
Thank you
I see they have reported a technical problem, we have send out a technician.
Thank you I like that
The current status is that the problem should be resolved within 25mins, does this suite you?
Yes that will work
Thank you
great, is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
Have a great day further and thank you for using ACME
I am having trouble with this because it is difficult To understand
It is hard to excersice
If you do not have the discipline yo si it
To do it
Hey there
How are you
What part are you struggling to understand?
Getting to do it every dat
Day
If you could give me some tips i Will appreciate it
Well it is a basic excersise, pick a topic, imagine you getting that pronblem and then describe it to me
Ok
I am having a lot of trouble sleeping at night
I have been taking pills but i do not sleep well
I have been doing exercises to help me sleep but i did not help me
Hey Jose, there is a list of problem provided at the bottom of the instructions
I been drinking warm milk but it did not have any effect on me
could you please read those and use them as the baseline?
Ok Sorry about that
I want to get internet from my new house
I would search the telephone númber of the acme company to call them and give them my new address
What do i need to do un order to get internet from you guys?
Hey there Jose, I can help you with that
could you please provide me with your new address?
3213 nw buff street miami florida 33130
OK I will add that into the system. One moment
OK I will add that into the system.
One moment
Ok i Will wait
OK Jose, I have added that to the system. I see we have serviced that address before.
OK Jose, I have added that to the system.
I see we have serviced that address before.
Thank you for your help
I shall order an installation, the earliest we can help you is friday between 2-5pm
That is fine
does this suite you? Will someone be home during that time?
does this suite you?
Will someone be home during that time?
I Will wait for you
Yes i Will be
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
Ok Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That its alk
All
Thank you for your patience
Tanks you
Hi, i am having problems with my cable. None of the channels are working. Could you find out the cause?
Hi, i am having problems with my cable.
None of the channels are working.
Could you find out the cause?
Sure, let me try and help you.
When did this problem begin?
It happened right after lunch, around 12:30pm
Thanks you for the information, let me look at the system status to determine if something has been reported.
Alright, what could be the cause?
I see a technician reported a outage around that time.
They are currently trying to resolve the problem. On the system it says it should be done within 25min.
They are currently trying to resolve the problem.
On the system it says it should be done within 25min.
Is that acceptable?
Yes, that is perfectly fine and reasonable
If it takes any longer than that, i'll just recontact you to inform you of the situation
Yes if 25min pass, contact me again and I will look into the problem again. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes if 25min pass, contact me again and I will look into the problem again.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you helped me with my problem and put them at ease.
Great, have a good day further.
I recently purchased tickets and was double charged. Can you help with this?
I recently purchased tickets and was double charged.
Can you help with this?
Can I get help?
I have been double charged on my tickets
Hello
Hello
Sorry we were experiencing a technical proble
I recently purchased some tickets and I was double charged
sure I can assist you with this. let me look on the system
sure I can assist you with this.
let me look on the system
Thank you
I see on the system there were two charges, let me refund the last transaction, Give me a moment
Thank you
OK I have refunded the last transaction, the balance should be visible within two working days.
Thank you
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
You did good
Thanks, and really thanks for the patients.
Have a great day further
You're welcome
You too
Hello i have trouble with my tv channels
Non of them are working
Could you help me Find the problem?
I can help you with this. When did the problem begin?
I can help you with this.
When did the problem begin?
Today at 9 am
I can not see any channel
OK let me look on the system quickly what could have caused it
Ok
I see there was a technical error reported. We have sent out a technician
I see there was a technical error reported.
We have sent out a technician
Ok
What is the next available date?
For the technician
The technician was sent out to the exchange. He is currently resolving the issue. The ETA is 25min
The technician was sent out to the exchange.
He is currently resolving the issue.
The ETA is 25min
Ok
I Will wait 1 hour to see if the problem is ressoñved
Thank you for your help
That Will be all for today
Thank you for you time and I apologies for the problem
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that Will be all
Thank you
Great, have a good day further.
Hello I just moved to a new apartment and I need to update my address and get a new cable installation.
Hey Samual, I can help you with this. Could you please give me the details of your new address?
Hey Samual, I can help you with this.
Could you please give me the details of your new address?
131 pioneer ct
Court
Zip code?
32801
Great let me quickly add that to the system
I have added you address
I have also looked up and see we can serve that addres
Thank you
let me schedule an appointment for you. How does thursday between 2-5pm sound?
let me schedule an appointment for you.
How does thursday between 2-5pm sound?
Sounds perfect
Great just to verify, someone will be present at that time?
Yes my fiancée will be home
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope thank you for your help!
Great, have a good day further.
Hello, i recently purchase tickets to a live performance but the website charged me double
I would like to receive a refund for the transacción
Transaction
Is that possible?
I can assist you with this
Let me quickly look on the system
Ok
They are under my name josé subero
I used a visa credt card
Great located them. I see two transaction were made. Let me refund you for the last transaction
Great located them.
I see two transaction were made.
Let me refund you for the last transaction
one moment please
Great, I have refunded your credit card
the balance should be visible within two working days
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ok perfect
No Thats all
Great. Have a good day further.
Great.
Have a good day further.
So I can't get any of my cable channels, can I get this fixed quickly?
Sure, let me quickly look on the system.
I will try and help you
Looking on the system it seems a technical problem was reported
We have sent out a technician to resolve the problem. The current ETA is 45min till it is fixed
We have sent out a technician to resolve the problem.
The current ETA is 45min till it is fixed
Thank you!
I apologize for the inconvenience
It happens
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope thank you so much!
Was my pleasure helping you. Have a great day further
Was my pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further
Hi bought some tickets from you guys and I just realized that you folks double charged me
Can I get a refund?
Hey Samuel, I can assist you with that.
Let me quickly look on the system
Thanks
I see we did double charge you. I am sorry for that
I see we did double charge you.
I am sorry for that
Not your fault
I have refunded the second transaction, the balance should be visible within two working days.
Ok thank you!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
Great. Have a good day further.
Great.
Have a good day further.
Hey
I've just moved apartments. How do I contact ACME to change my address? I also need to schedule a new installation, since my new apartment doesn't have the right cabling.
I've just moved apartments.
How do I contact ACME to change my address?
I also need to schedule a new installation, since my new apartment doesn't have the right cabling.
ACME is my internet provider
Hey Jeff, you are currently speaking to a representative from ACME
I can help you solve your problem
Hello :)
Hello
Could you please provide me with your new address?
15990 Annapolis MD 20715
Great is that an appartment or a house?
Apartment
Could you provide the apartment number also?
504
Great, give me one second while I input that into the system
I have updated your address, the system informs me that we have serviced that address before. So I will just need to contact a technician to install the cabling
I have updated your address, the system informs me that we have serviced that address before.
So I will just need to contact a technician to install the cabling
Sweet
The earliest we can help you is unfortunately only Monday.
It would be in the morning between 9-12am
does this suit you?
That is okay. I'll be ready.
That is okay.
I'll be ready.
Great so someone will be present at that time?
I will be home, making muffins and doing homework.
Thanks you for confirming that. I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks you for confirming that.
I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
Thank you for contacting ACME. Hope you have a great day further.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
Hope you have a great day further.
Thanks.
Why did ACME double charge me?! When I bought tickets to a concert online, I saw on my bank statement that I was charged twice! Please fix this!
Why did ACME double charge me?!
When I bought tickets to a concert online, I saw on my bank statement that I was charged twice!
Please fix this!
I want a refund!
Hello Jeff, let me investigate.
Looking at the system it seem we did double charge your credit card. I apologize for that. Let me authorize a refund
Looking at the system it seem we did double charge your credit card.
I apologize for that.
Let me authorize a refund
One moment please
I have authorized the refund, you should see the balance on your credit card within two days
Thanks!
just to clarify it is the same card you used to make the purchase
Yes
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No :) You are awesome!
Great. Im that case, have a good day further. Was a pleasure helping you
Great.
Im that case, have a good day further.
Was a pleasure helping you
None of my cable tv channels are working don't know what the problem could be
Hey Blake, let me try and assist you
when did this problem begin?
Today
Have you tried restarting your system?
Yes
It's still not working
Let me look if there are any reported technical problems, one moment please
Thank you
Ah, I see there was a technical issue reported around your area. We currently have technician at your location. If you would like I could try contacting them to get an ETA?
Ah, I see there was a technical issue reported around your area.
We currently have technician at your location.
If you would like I could try contacting them to get an ETA?
That would be great
One moment please
Just got off the phone with the technician, He says the problem should be resolved within the next hour. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Just got off the phone with the technician, He says the problem should be resolved within the next hour.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
No problem
Thank you
Would you like us to notify you via sms when the service is up and running again?
Yes thanks
Is that all?
OK you cellphone number has been added to the list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK you cellphone number has been added to the list.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it.
Have a good evening
Great you too. Was a pleasure helping you
Great you too.
Was a pleasure helping you
I need help please. I've tried everything I can think of, but ALL my cable channels are not working :(
I need help please.
I've tried everything I can think of, but ALL my cable channels are not working :(
Hello Jeff, Let me try and assist you.
I assume you have tried restarting your entertainment system?
Yes. A few times.
Yes.
A few times.
Let me look if there are any reported technical issues
Okay
It seems there is a reported technical issue. We currently have staff attending to the problem.
It seems there is a reported technical issue.
We currently have staff attending to the problem.
So it's not just me?
I can try and call them them to get and estimate of how long they will take.
Okay
No, it seems everybody in your area is experiencing this problem
Good thing I've got a book to read.
I just got off the phone, seems it will still take 2hours.
I hope it is a really good book. I apologize for the inconvenience.
I hope it is a really good book.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
No problem. Thanks for your help.
No problem.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks.
In that case, have a great day and thank you for choosing ACME
I just moved, my new home needs cabling installed for Internet service and I need to update my new home address
He Blake, I can assist you with all of this.
Great
Firstly could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
I moved to 2544 west campfire lane to in Phoenix az  85017
Same phone number
Great, is there an apartment number of is this a house?
Unit 77
Let me update the system and see if we service your new apartment.
Ok
I have updated your address, additionally we do service that flat.
What I can do is schedule an appointment for you. Seems the earliest we can help you is this coming Friday. In the afternoon
What I can do is schedule an appointment for you.
Seems the earliest we can help you is this coming Friday.
In the afternoon
between 2-5pm
Will there be somebody present at the apartment?
Yes I will be available on Friday from 2to5
Great, I have locked down the time. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
Great, I have locked down the time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
No that's all. Thank you
No that's all.
Thank you
In that case, it was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day further
I purchased 2 tickets to see U2 on April 1st, but I was charged twice for the same transaction, I want to get my credit card refunded
Please
Hey Blake, let me look what the system says.
Ah, I see you are correct. I apologize for this. Let me quickly authorize the refund.
Ah, I see you are correct.
I apologize for this.
Let me quickly authorize the refund.
Great
OK done, the refund has been authorized. You should see the balance visible within the next two days
OK done, the refund has been authorized.
You should see the balance visible within the next two days
Excellent
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thsnk you very much
In that case, have a great day and enjoy the U2 concert
have a great day further
Hey
Hey
Hi! I have moved and need to update my address. I also need to order a new install.
Hi!
I have moved and need to update my address.
I also need to order a new install.
Hello Kat, I am able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address?
Thanks!
Sure
322 daffodil lane, Louisville Kentucky 24367
One moment while I insert that into the system and check if we are able to service that address.
Ok
You address has been updated, it seems we have serviced that address before.
I need new service because there are no cables there
Seems the earliest which a technician can be sent out is next week Tuesday. Does this time suit you?
Seems the earliest which a technician can be sent out is next week Tuesday.
Does this time suit you?
yes that is fine
Great the technician will be arriving between 2-5pm, will someone be home at this time?
Sounds great thank you
I have scheduled the appointment, your should receive an email soon confirming the details.
Grea
Is there anything else can assist you with?
no
In that case, it was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further
In that case, it was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further
None of my cable TV channels are working what could be the problem please help!
Hello Kat, let me try and assist you.
When did this problem begin?
This morning!
I am assuming you have tried restarting your entertainment system?
Yes
Let me then look if we have any reported technical issues.
Ok thanks!
It seems we have a reported technical issue and have dispatched staff to resolve he problem.
Ok sounds great!
If you would like I can contact them to see how long they expect to take
Sure!
One moment while I call them.
Ok
Seems the current ETA is 45min.
Awesome! Thanks!
Awesome!
Thanks!
I hope that does not inconvenience you too much?
No it will be fine
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
IN that case, have a great day Kat.
Hello, I was watching tv earlier and it seems like my cable cut out or something. I'm not sure what happened, none if my channels are working currently. Could you help me with this?
Hello, I was watching tv earlier and it seems like my cable cut out or something.
I'm not sure what happened, none if my channels are working currently.
Could you help me with this?
Hello Kevin, I can assist you with this.
Let give me one moment while I look on the system if we have any reported technical issues.
Okay, thank you
I do not see any technical issues reported.
Have you tried restarting your entertainment system?
What do you think could be the problem then?
I have but I have not tried hard resetting it
Let me look if our system is able to make contact with your system. One moment please
Let me look if our system is able to make contact with your system.
One moment please
Okay, thank you
That is strange, it seems the signal does not connect passed the exchange.
I am gonna need to log this as a technical issue and send out staff to try and fix this
give me one moment while I create the issue
Okay, do I need to make an appointment for this?
That is not required. The problem is on our exchange.
That is not required.
The problem is on our exchange.
I have ordered our staff to go have a look what the problem is
The should be there with in the next hour. I am estimating your will be without service for 3 hours or so.
The should be there with in the next hour.
I am estimating your will be without service for 3 hours or so.
I hope this is ok?
Okay, when can I expect this to be resolved?
Okay, thanks.
What I can do is add your mobile number to the list of customer which will be notified when the service is working again
would you like that ?
Yes, that would be great. My number is 5404195680
Yes, that would be great.
My number is 5404195680
You number has been added to the list.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, I think that's it. Thank you.
No, I think that's it.
Thank you.
In that case, have a great day and thank you for using ACME.
I recently relocated from my apartment and need to update my residential address and place a order for a new installation as my new place does not have cable
Hey John, I can assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address?
Hey John, I can assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address?
101 park ave, madisonville ky
Could you please provide me with the zip code and if it is an apartment the apartment number also?
42431
Apt 69
Great one moment while I insert this into the system
OK I have entered your new address into the system. I see we have serviced that building before.
OK I have entered your new address into the system.
I see we have serviced that building before.
Let me try and schedule an appointment.
Ok
Seems the first available appointment is between 2-5pm
on friday
will somebody be present at this time?
Yes
Great, I have scheduled the appointment. You should receive an email with the details
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
You should receive an email with the details
Ty
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
In that case, have a great day further. Was a pleasure helping you.
In that case, have a great day further.
Was a pleasure helping you.
I purchased tickets to see a live performance after I completed the purchase online I realized I was double charged! I need a refund for one of the tickets!
I purchased tickets to see a live performance after I completed the purchase online I realized I was double charged!
I need a refund for one of the tickets!
I apologize for this. Let me look into this for you
I apologize for this.
Let me look into this for you
Ok
Thanks!
O I see now, we did indeed double change you. I will need to authorize the refund.
O I see now, we did indeed double change you.
I will need to authorize the refund.
Ok thanks!
The refund will be made to the same credit card you used for purchasing the ticket
is this ok?
Yes!
Great, I have authorized the refund.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's all thank you!
Was a pleasure helping you, have a great day further.
Hello, I recently purchased tickets for a concert and I saw that I was charged twice for the ticket. Can you assist me with this problem?
Hello, I recently purchased tickets for a concert and I saw that I was charged twice for the ticket.
Can you assist me with this problem?
Hey Kevin, I can assist you.
Let me just quickly pull up your records.
Okay, thank you
OK, it seems you are correct, we have double charged you. I apologize.
OK, it seems you are correct, we have double charged you.
I apologize.
I will need to authorize a refund. The refund will be made to the same credit card you used to make the purchase
I will need to authorize a refund.
The refund will be made to the same credit card you used to make the purchase
is that fine?
It's alright. I had enough money in my account to incur that second charge.
It's alright.
I had enough money in my account to incur that second charge.
Yes, that is fine
Ok, I have authorized the refund. You should see the balance within the next 2 days.
Ok, I have authorized the refund.
You should see the balance within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Okay, thank you so much.
No, that is it. Thanks.
No, that is it.
Thanks.
Have a great day further
Hello, I recently changed addresses and I wanted to update my address in your system so I can get a new installation. Can you help me with this?
Hello, I recently changed addresses and I wanted to update my address in your system so I can get a new installation.
Can you help me with this?
Hey Kevin, I can help you with this.
Could you provide me with your new address?
Sure
16815 Rudence Court, Charlotte, NC 28278
Is this an apartment our a house?
It's an apartment
Could you please provide the apartment number also?
Oh, sorry. The number is 306
Oh, sorry.
The number is 306
Great, let me insert that into the system and check if we can service that address.
Okay, thank you
OK your address has been updated. Seems the earliest appointment I can make is for next week Wednesday.
OK your address has been updated.
Seems the earliest appointment I can make is for next week Wednesday.
in the afternoon, between 2-5pm
will somebody be present?
Okay. That is fine.
Okay.
That is fine.
I will be here
Great. I have confirmed your installation order.
Great.
I have confirmed your installation order.
You should be receiving an email with more details soon. Is there anything else I can help you with
You should be receiving an email with more details soon.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Okay, thank you for your help.
No, I think that's it. I'll be in touch if I have any other issues I need help with
No, I think that's it.
I'll be in touch if I have any other issues I need help with
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day further
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day further
No e of my channels work
None
Hey John, let me try and assist you
when did this problem start?
Hour ago
I assume you have tried restarting the system
No
Could you please try doing so and inform me if that solved the problem?
Ok
It worked
That is great to hear.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further
I bought some tickets to a live performance other day, and you guys over charged me
Hey John, let me look into this for you.
K
I am assuming you referring tot the U2 concert? It seems we charged you the correct amount. However it seems on the system you made the purchase twice?
I am assuming you referring tot the U2 concert?
It seems we charged you the correct amount.
However it seems on the system you made the purchase twice?
was this intentional?
No
OK so what I can do is authorize a refund for the second transaction.
Ok
The refund will be done to the same card you used to make the purchase.
Ok
OK one moment while I do this.
K
Ok, I have authorized the refund.
The balance should be visible within 2 days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further.
Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further.
I just loved and need to change my address be establish service
Hello??
Hello?
?
Hello shannon
I can assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address?
I can assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address?
Sure, 819 cook ave Huntsville al 35810
Great, on moment while I insert this into the system
Sure
I have inserted this address. However it seems we have not serviced this address before. I will need to send out an inspector before I am able to send out an installation technician
I have inserted this address.
However it seems we have not serviced this address before.
I will need to send out an inspector before I am able to send out an installation technician
Ok
This process takes typical 2-5 days to complete
No problem
Should we be able to service you we will contact you. Could you please just verify your mobile number?
Should we be able to service you we will contact you.
Could you please just verify your mobile number?
2565139683
I have added your mobile number to the system, thank you
Absolutely
I do apologize, we will contact you as soon as we are sure we can service that address. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I do apologize, we will contact you as soon as we are sure we can service that address.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you
OK, in that case. Have a great day further.
OK, in that case.
Have a great day further.
I just moved and need a new installation from you guys
Hey Jeramey, I can assist you
Thank you
Could you please provide me with your new address?
My address is 1504 snake street. Portland, Oregon
My address is 1504 snake street.
Portland, Oregon
Could you please also provide me with your zip code and apartment number if required?
97124
Ah great let me insert this into our system.
Thank you
When can I get this done?
I have done do. Looking currently what is the earliest I can make an appointment for
I have done do.
Looking currently what is the earliest I can make an appointment for
Seems the earliest we can assist you is friday
afternoon between 2-5pm
does this suite you?
Yes I will be there
Great.
Thank you
I have scheduled the appointment.
That will be all
ah great. Have a great day further.
ah great.
Have a great day further.
Hello, i change my address and i need to make an up date for a new installation
Hello Jose, I can assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address?
Hello Jose, I can assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address?
329 sw road street Gainesville florida
Zip code 33245
Ah, great. One moment while I insert this into the system.
Ah, great.
One moment while I insert this into the system.
Ok
OK you address has been inserted. It seem we have not serviced this address before.
OK you address has been inserted.
It seem we have not serviced this address before.
Ok Thank you
I will need to send out an inspector to verify that we can service this address before I am able to send out someone to make an installation
Ok
How long Will it take?
The inspection?
the inspection process takes typically 2-5 days. I have looked and seems have serviced  houses around that address
the inspection process takes typically 2-5 days.
I have looked and seems have serviced  houses around that address
Ok perfect
So it is going To work?
could you please just verify you address again?
You said it was: 329 sw road street, Gainesville, florida, 33245
is that correct?
Yes
Correct
Ok, this address is definitely not on the system. Could you please provide me with your mobile number so that I can contact you when we have completed the inspection?
Ok, this address is definitely not on the system.
Could you please provide me with your mobile number so that I can contact you when we have completed the inspection?
352 456733
OK I have added your mobile number.
Once the inspection is complete we will contact you.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
That Will be all
Thank you
Thank you.
None of my cable channels aren't working. Can you assist?
None of my cable channels aren't working.
Can you assist?
They aren't working
Hey Jeramey. let me look what I can do.
Hey Jeramey.
let me look what I can do.
Have you tried restarting your entertainment system?\
Yes
OK, looking at your address and on the system it seems we have no technical issues reported.  I am gonna need to create a new support ticket
OK, looking at your address and on the system it seems we have no technical issues reported.
I am gonna need to create a new support ticket
Thank you
When did this problem begin?
This morning
O wait, I see now.. We do have a technical issue reported this morning,
Can I get a technician out here to fix this?
We have a technician on site actually.  Let me contact him to see how long he will take
We have a technician on site actually.
Let me contact him to see how long he will take
Thank you
I will be here all day
Ok the technician says the problem should be solved within 15min
Sorry for not seeing this earlier.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
That will be all
Thank you for your time
Hi there. I recently bought tickets to a concert and was charged twice.
Hi there.
I recently bought tickets to a concert and was charged twice.
O dear, I apologize. Let me pull up you information and see if I can assist you.
O dear, I apologize.
Let me pull up you information and see if I can assist you.
Looking at the system, it seem you are correct. We double charged you
Looking at the system, it seem you are correct.
We double charged you
I will need to authorize a refund.
Absolutely. Would it be possible to get a refund on one of those.
Absolutely.
Would it be possible to get a refund on one of those.
A refund will be made to your credit card which you used to purchase the tickets.
Thank you so much
One moment while I authorize it
Ok
OK i have done this. You should see the balance on your account within two days
OK i have done this.
You should see the balance on your account within two days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Awesome
Thank you.
I think that's all
Great, in that case have a great day further.
You as well
Hello, i can not see any channels on my tv
Could you help me determine why?
O dear, I am sorry to hear.
Let me see what I can do
When did this problem begin?
Last night
8 pm to be exact
OK let me look for technical issued reported around that time. One moment please
OK let me look for technical issued reported around that time.
One moment please
Ok
There seems to be no technical issues reported
Ok
have you tried restarting your system?
Yes i tríed that last night
And this morbing
Funny, let me perform a network test from my side. Once moment while it runs
Funny, let me perform a network test from my side.
Once moment while it runs
Ok
It seem the error is between your apartment and the exchange.
The technician can help me with that?
Can he fixed it?
I will need to create a new support ticket to send out a technician to see if he can resolve this problem
Ok
Thank you
Will you be around the apartment after today?
Yes
The whole day
Great. I have created a ticket. A technician should contact you within the next hour to confirm a time.
Great.
I have created a ticket.
A technician should contact you within the next hour to confirm a time.
Ok
Thank you for your help
I apologize for this. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I apologize for this.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That Will be all
Great
I recently purchased tickets and I noticed I was double charged. Can you resolve this?
I recently purchased tickets and I noticed I was double charged.
Can you resolve this?
Hey Jeramey, let me look what  I can do...
give me a moment while I pull up your iniormation
Thank you
Could you please specify which concert ticket these are? It seem you have 3 up coming concerts
Could you please specify which concert ticket these are?
It seem you have 3 up coming concerts
The tickets for Kanye west
Ah, thank got it. I see we did charge you twice. I will need to authorize a refund for the second transaction
Ah, thank got it.
I see we did charge you twice.
I will need to authorize a refund for the second transaction
once moment while I do this
Thank you
I have authorized the refund.
Thank you very much. That will be all for today.
Thank you very much.
That will be all for today.
The balance should be visible within the next two days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you.
Have a good day
No
Thank you for your time
have a good day further
Hi. I'm trying to watch tv and it seems that none of my cable channels are working.
Hi.
I'm trying to watch tv and it seems that none of my cable channels are working.
Hey Shannon, when did this problem begin?
Just this morning
Ok, let me look if we have any technical issues reported.
Sure
I do not see any technical issues reported.
Ok
Let me test your connection quickly.
Ok
It seem the problem is between your apartment and the exchange.
I am gonna need to send out a technician to see what the problem could be
Hmmm, ok
Will you be around later today?
Yes
Great. I will schedule a technician to come out and look if he can resolve the problem.
Great.
I will schedule a technician to come out and look if he can resolve the problem.
Great
It will be most likely between 4-5pm this afternoon
is this fine?
Perfect
Awesome, is there anything else I can assist you with?
I think that's it. Thank you
I think that's it.
Thank you
Have a great day further
I just purchase some tickets to see a live performance but the online website has charged me double
I would like a refund for that trabsaction
Transaction
Hey Jose, let me assist you with this problem.
My name is Jose Coppola and i used a MasterCard
one moment while I pull up your information
Ok
It seems you have a few up coming concert, which ticket are you referring to?
The john legend concert
Thank you, let me have a look
Ok
ah... I see you have been double charged
ah...
I see you have been double charged
I will need to authorize a refund.
One moment while I do this
Ok i Will eaut
Wait
OK Jose, the refund has been authorized. The balance should be visible within two working days
OK Jose, the refund has been authorized.
The balance should be visible within two working days
Ok
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you very much
That Will be all
Have a great day further.
Hi acme! I just moved into a new apartment and I need to transfer my internet service over. My new place doesn't have the right cabling and I also need my internet provider to know my new address can you help me?
Hi acme!
I just moved into a new apartment and I need to transfer my internet service over.
My new place doesn't have the right cabling and I also need my internet provider to know my new address can you help me?
Hey RJ, I can assist you with this.
Could you please firstly provide me with your new address?
Great! 555 n. Mars ave. Philadelphia, PA
Great!
555 n. Mars ave. Philadelphia, PA
ZIP CODE 19019
could you also provide me with the apartment number?
Apt 3A
Great let me insert that into the account?
OK I have updated the account information. I have also looked and we do service that address
OK I have updated the account information.
I have also looked and we do service that address
Sounds great. Just send them over and I'll be waiting
Sounds great.
Just send them over and I'll be waiting
Seems the earliest I can schedule a new installation is next week monday
it will be in the afternoon, between 2-5pm
Sounds good I'm off all day
Great. I assume then someone will be present at the apartment?
Great.
I assume then someone will be present at the apartment?
Yes
I have scheduled the appointment.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No everything's good
Have a great day further RJ
You too
Hi acme, I am having an issue with my tv. It seems that none of my cable channels seem to be working? Can you help me fix this issue?
Hi acme, I am having an issue with my tv.
It seems that none of my cable channels seem to be working?
Can you help me fix this issue?
Sure thing RJ, let me try and assist you.
Have you tried restarting your entertainment system?
Yes
OK, in that case let me look on the system if we have any technical issues reported
Ok
Ok I see, there is an outage of service reported around your address
We currently have staff attending to the problem. Would you like me to contact them to see how long they will still be?
We currently have staff attending to the problem.
Would you like me to contact them to see how long they will still be?
Any luck?
Hello
Yes
How Long will they be?
I just got off the phone.
They say the ETA is 25min.
Sounds great
is that acceptable?
Absolutely
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks for the help
No everything sounds good
I appreciate it
Have a great day further.
Hey acme, I recently bought tickets to a show and I see that you accidentally double charged me. What steps do I need to take to get refunded for the double charge?
Hey acme, I recently bought tickets to a show and I see that you accidentally double charged me.
What steps do I need to take to get refunded for the double charge?
Hey RJ, Let me try and assist you with this.
Great
which concert is this for?
Marilyn manson
At the Ferrari arena in Phoenix, AZ
OK great, one moment while I look what is going on
OK
It seems we did make a double charge, I am sorry.
As you should be
I will need to authorize a refund on the second transaction
Ok
Ok the refund has been authorized, the balance should be visible within 2 working days.
Sounds great
is there anything else I can assist you with/
Nope! I'm good. Thank you
Nope!
I'm good.
Thank you
Have a good day
IN that case, have a great day further.
Hello! I recently moved, and u need to provide ACME with my new address and I also need to place an order for new installation.
Hello!
I recently moved, and u need to provide ACME with my new address and I also need to place an order for new installation.
Hey Tori, I can assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Sure. 1530 Marabou Way
Sure.
1530 Marabou Way
Could you please provide me with the zip code and apartment number also?
80911, Apartment 2134
Great Let me input that into the system
Okay, thank you.
I have updated your address
I see we can service you new address also. Let me schedule an installtion
I see we can service you new address also.
Let me schedule an installtion
Alright, perfect. Thank you!
Alright, perfect.
Thank you!
The earliest we can help you is this coming Friday, afternoon between 2-5pm
does this time suit you?
That sounds great
I assume this means you will be present during this time?
Yes, I will be.
Great, the appointment is scheduled. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, the appointment is scheduled.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you so much for your help.
No, that's it.
Thank you so much for your help.
Hello. I purchased tickets to see a live show, but I realized I was double charged. Could you refund the second transaction for me?
Hello.
I purchased tickets to see a live show, but I realized I was double charged.
Could you refund the second transaction for me?
Hey Tori, let me investigate this quickly. For which show are these tickets?
Hey Tori, let me investigate this quickly.
For which show are these tickets?
They are for a Weird Al concert. Thank you.
They are for a Weird Al concert.
Thank you.
OK, one moment while I look
I see you are correct, we did double charge you. I will refund your second transaction
I see you are correct, we did double charge you.
I will refund your second transaction
Thank you very much.
OK I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visible within the next 2 working days
OK I have authorized the refund.
The balance should be visible within the next 2 working days
Perfect. Thank you for your cooperation.
Perfect.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Is there anything else I can Assist you with?
No, that will be it.
In that case have a great day.
Hello. I recently got home, and none of my cable channels are working. I was wondering if you could help me determine what the issue is?
Hello.
I recently got home, and none of my cable channels are working.
I was wondering if you could help me determine what the issue is?
Sure thing Tori.
Have you tried to restart the system?
Yes, I have reset the system twice.
Let me quickly see if we have any reported outages in your region
Okay, thank you.
It seems there are reported outages in your vicinity. Let me try and contact the staff attending to the problem, to see how much long they estimate it will take
It seems there are reported outages in your vicinity.
Let me try and contact the staff attending to the problem, to see how much long they estimate it will take
Alright, thank you so much.
Just got off the phone, seems it will take 25min still
is that acceptable ?
That will be fine.
is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all.
OK thanks. Have a great day further.
OK thanks.
Have a great day further.
I just moved and need to change my address and also set up a time for a full installation at my new residence
Hey Jack, I can assist you with that. Could you please provide me with your new residence address?
Hey Jack, I can assist you with that.
Could you please provide me with your new residence address?
6930 Dyson St
City and zip code?
Vienna VA 22182
let me update the system and see if we can service this address
Thanks
OK I have updated your information and We do service you new address
Thanks
The earliest we are able to send out an technician to make the installation is next week Tuesday.
It is in the afternoon, between 2-5 PM
Perfect
Thank you
Will somebody be home during this time?
Yes
Great I have confirmed the installation. You should be receiving an email with the details shortly
Great I have confirmed the installation.
You should be receiving an email with the details shortly
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it
In that case hope you have a great day further
Thanks goodbye
Hi, having cable problems. I have no working channels
Hi, having cable problems.
I have no working channels
O dear, I am sorry to hear that Jack. Let me see what I can do to help you.
O dear, I am sorry to hear that Jack.
Let me see what I can do to help you.
Have you tried restarting your system?
No
Just power off and back on?
Yes, better will be to unplug the system from the wall and just reinsert it
Ok trying that
Wow OK! Channels are back
Wow OK!
Channels are back
That worked
That is good news.
Sometimes the system goes out of sync.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks
Goodbye
Have a great day further.
Hi I purchased tickets to the Capitals game on March 11 and it looks like I was double charged
O dear, let me look into this. Was the tickers purchased under your name?
O dear, let me look into this.
Was the tickers purchased under your name?
It was on my Visa card
And under my name
Great let me quickly investigate
Seems you are correct, we have double charged you. I will need to authorize a refund.
Seems you are correct, we have double charged you.
I will need to authorize a refund.
One moment while I do this
Thanks!
I have authorize the refund. The balance should be visible within two working days.
I have authorize the refund.
The balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks
In that case, have a great day further.
I need to update my address and place an order for a new installation.
Can you please answer my question is?
anybody there?
Hey Jame I am sorry
I can help you with this
Please provide me with your new address
4728 Hibiscus street
Could you please provide your zip code and apartment number also?
76137
I have entered this into the system. It seems we are also able to service this address.
I have entered this into the system.
It seems we are also able to service this address.
Thank you
I will go ahead and schedule a new installation.
Thanks
the earliest that the technician can come out is next week Thursday.
It will be in the morning between 9-12a,
am*
See you then bye
will somebody be present?
Me
Great. I have scheduled the appointment.
Great.
I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ty
No
In that case, enjoy your day.
Can you help me with my tv because none of my channels are working?
Hey James, I will try and assist your with this problem
When did this issue begin?
Today
OK let me quickly look on the system if there are any reported technical issues.
Ok it seems there is a technical issue reported. We have staff current resolving the problem.
Ok it seems there is a technical issue reported.
We have staff current resolving the problem.
According to the system it should be fixed within 35min
Thank you
If it is not working within 35-50min feel free to contact me again
Ok
Can I assist you with anything else?
No
In that case, thank you for your day. Have a good day further.
In that case, thank you for your day.
Have a good day further.
I need help with a charge. You charged me twice for tickets and was hoping you could refund me the extra charge?
I need help with a charge.
You charged me twice for tickets and was hoping you could refund me the extra charge?
Hey James, Let me investigate. For which show is this ?
Hey James, Let me investigate.
For which show is this ?
Mastodon
OK, let me quickly just verify, Ah got it. It seem you are correct, there are two transaction with the same value.
OK, let me quickly just verify, Ah got it.
It seem you are correct, there are two transaction with the same value.
Let me refund you for the second transaction.
Yes
One moment please
OK James, I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visible in your account within the next two working days.
OK James, I have authorized the refund.
The balance should be visible in your account within the next two working days.
Ty
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hello
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
James?
Hi that will be all
Great, in That case have a great day further.
It's not updating the messages
Hello
Hey
I believe we are done?
Are you not seeing message once you send them?
You are welcome to sumit your HIT
Hello james?
Hello, my name is josé and i bought a table online a few days ago. When i received the table it was the wrong model. Can you send me the right model please
Hello, my name is josé and i bought a table online a few days ago.
When i received the table it was the wrong model.
Can you send me the right model please
Hey Jose, let me help you.
I see you order the oak deluxe dining table?
Yes
However you are saying this is not the table you received?
Thats the model
No i received a black table
It is made out of cypress
That is definitely not the table you ordered. Could you please look on the delivery box if this was not maybe a mistake made by fedex?
That is definitely not the table you ordered.
Could you please look on the delivery box if this was not maybe a mistake made by fedex?
Let me check
I am more than happy to replace the table for you. I am just trying to establish if someone else did not receive your table.
I am more than happy to replace the table for you.
I am just trying to establish if someone else did not receive your table.
I have the receipt from fedex and it has my name and your original address
Thank you for confirming that. I do apologies. What I will do is schedule for a pickup of that table and send the new table right away. What time suits you for the pickup?
Thank you for confirming that.
I do apologies.
What I will do is schedule for a pickup of that table and send the new table right away.
What time suits you for the pickup?
6 pm since i am arriving from work
Ok so can I schedule for pick up to occur at 6:30, tomorrow?
Yes Thats perfect
Great let me do schedule this quickly... one moment.
Ok
Ok jose, Fedex will come collect the table tomorrow at 6:30.
I have also just issued the order to send your new oak dinning table.
Thank you very much
Thats hreat
I do apologize. You new table will be arriving Friday.
I do apologize.
You new table will be arriving Friday.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok i Will be at home
Thats all
Thank you for your tine
Thank you Jose, for contacting us. It was pleasure helping you
Thank you Jose, for contacting us.
It was pleasure helping you
have a good night further
Hello, I hope you can help me. I recently bought a dining table online. When it arrived, it was actually a different table. I would like my order to be corrected and have deliver the right table.
Hello, I hope you can help me.
I recently bought a dining table online.
When it arrived, it was actually a different table.
I would like my order to be corrected and have deliver the right table.
Hello Tiffanie. It would be my pleasure to help you.
Hello Tiffanie.
It would be my pleasure to help you.
I'm glad to know.
Let me quickly look, it seems you ordered the oak dining table? Is that correct?
Let me quickly look, it seems you ordered the oak dining table?
Is that correct?
Yes indeed
Could you either describe the table which arrived or read me the barcode?
The table that arrived was a glass table and not made of any kind of wood
O dear, could please verify that the address on the box is meant for you? I would just like to ensure it was not a mistake made by fedex
O dear, could please verify that the address on the box is meant for you?
I would just like to ensure it was not a mistake made by fedex
Yes the box does have my name on it, with the correct address. The order was just wrong. The table is nice, but not what I ordered.
Yes the box does have my name on it, with the correct address.
The order was just wrong.
The table is nice, but not what I ordered.
Thank you Tiffanie. I am sorry for the inconvenience. What I will do is schedule a pickup order for that desk and send the one you wanted right over
Thank you Tiffanie.
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
What I will do is schedule a pickup order for that desk and send the one you wanted right over
what time suite you for the pickup order?
Anytime after 12pm would suite me well
I will schedule the pickup order Friday at 2 pm?
Then at the same time we will deliver your new table.
Does this suite you?
Yes, that will be perfect
Thank you
Great, everything is ordered and set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, everything is ordered and set.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, you were very helpful
Have a great day further.
Hi, I just got delivery of the dining room table I bought from you folks, and there's a problem
It's the wrong table
Hey Jack, I am willing to help you solve this problem.
Looking on the system I see you ordered the oak dinning table?
However you say this is not the table you received?
That's not the one
No
We got what looks like a cafe table
Really need this to be sorted out
I am sorry to hear this. Seems the system must be wrong.
I am sorry to hear this.
Seems the system must be wrong.
Can we fix this?
So you wanted the cafe table? give me one second while I check stocks
So you wanted the cafe table?
give me one second while I check stocks
ah, great we have stock available. What I will do is schedule a pickup order for that table and send you the proper table.
ah, great we have stock available.
What I will do is schedule a pickup order for that table and send you the proper table.
Thanks
I do apologize for this mistake.
What time can I schedule for the pickup?
3pm
Any time after that
Thurs or fri
OK I will schedule the pickup to occur Friday at 3:30PM? We will deliver your new desk at the same time.
OK I will schedule the pickup to occur Friday at 3:30PM?
We will deliver your new desk at the same time.
I do appologise
Ok thanks
No problem
OK everything is ordered and set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK everything is ordered and set.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
Thanks again
Was a pleasure helping you. have a great night further.
Was a pleasure helping you.
have a great night further.
Hello, my name is josé. I hace a problem with my cellphone. It stopped working and i have a busy day today
Hello, my name is josé.
I hace a problem with my cellphone.
It stopped working and i have a busy day today
Sorry Jose, let me look into this for you.
Ok
Ah, it seem your last month payment was declined.
If you would like I can try and redo the payment order?
Yes please
Do you have my info?
We do have the info on record one moment while I try to process it again
Ok
Ah, I see the payment went through. I am truly sorry for this. Did you not receive an email or sms regarding this matter?
Ah, I see the payment went through.
I am truly sorry for this.
Did you not receive an email or sms regarding this matter?
No i did not receive anything
I just receive an email confirmation for the payment
OK I have activated notification so that next time you will get a warning
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you
That Will be all
Great. Have a good day further.
Great.
Have a good day further.
You too
Too
Hi, I've completely lost cellphone service on a day when I really need it for work
I do have my wifi connection up
That's working at least
Hey Jack. Let me assist you.
Hey Jack.
Let me assist you.
Can you check into this?
Looking at your information. It seem the last payment was declined by the bank
Looking at your information.
It seem the last payment was declined by the bank
What I can do is try to make the payment again?
Yes can we try that?
One moment while the payment gets proccessed
Thanks for helping me
Really need my phone today
OK great the payment went through, I have requested that you account be activated. This typically takes 15min
OK great the payment went through, I have requested that you account be activated.
This typically takes 15min
Cool that will work
Thanks
Is there anything else I can Assist you with?
No thanks
That was awesome
have a good day further
Hi, I have a huge problem. I was away for vacation, and when I came back I noticed my food ordering acct has been hacked. I saw a purchase over $100 made on my acct. I'm very upset, what can you do to solve my situation. I've been a loyal customer for years and this is the first time I've encountered something like this.
Hi, I have a huge problem.
I was away for vacation, and when I came back I noticed my food ordering acct has been hacked.
I saw a purchase over $100 made on my acct.
I'm very upset, what can you do to solve my situation.
I've been a loyal customer for years and this is the first time I've encountered something like this.
Hey Tiffanie. Let me have a look what I can do.
Hey Tiffanie.
Let me have a look what I can do.
Wow, Tiffanie you were not joking when you said you were a loyal customer. You have been with use for a very long time
Wow, Tiffanie you were not joking when you said you were a loyal customer.
You have been with use for a very long time
I am truly sorry about this.
Yes I have
It seem you physical address was also changed?
Did the hacker changed my address too?
On file
It seems so. Normally we have a no refund policy. But seeing how loyal you are I will have to speak to my supervisor quickly
It seems so.
Normally we have a no refund policy.
But seeing how loyal you are I will have to speak to my supervisor quickly
Please do
OK my supervisor says, he is willing to make the refund.
I would like for this company to add more stricter security so that things like this don't happen again
However we gonna need to force a password reset.
Ok, we can do that
One moment while I authorized the forced reset.
Ok
OK you should have received the reset email. Please be sure to reset your password.
OK you should have received the reset email.
Please be sure to reset your password.
I will
Additionally ensure the password is sufficiently difficult to brute force
I will definitely make sure of that
OK I have authorized the refund now, the balance should be visible within two working days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is great
Nope
You helped so much
Thanks again
No problem. Was a pleasure helping you
No problem.
Was a pleasure helping you
have a great night further.
Hello, my name is josé and i have a big problem. My food account was hacked and someone order food for more than 100$.
Hello, my name is josé and i have a big problem.
My food account was hacked and someone order food for more than 100$.
I was away and did not notice. Is there anything we can do about it?
I was away and did not notice.
Is there anything we can do about it?
Hey Jose, let me look what I can do.
Typically we have a no refund policy, but lets have a look
Ok
I hope so
Wow you are a really loyal customer. I see you have been with us for years
Wow you are a really loyal customer.
I see you have been with us for years
Yes
Let me quickly speak to my supervisor and see what I can do
8 years now
Ok
I Will appreciate it
Seem the supervisor is happy that we make the refund as a once off courtesy
But before we do that We gonna need to force a password reset
Ok
Will you be able to make the rest now ?
Yes i will
I Will logg to my account and change the password
Great. You should have an email with the instructions. Ensure that the password you select this time is hard to crack
Great.
You should have an email with the instructions.
Ensure that the password you select this time is hard to crack
Ok i Will make sure of it
OK I have authorized the refund.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
That Will be all
Thank you for your time
Have a good night
You too. Have a good night further.
You too.
Have a good night further.
My wife and I just got back from a weekend trip and it seems someone hacked our food delivery and ordering account!
They ordered at least $100 worth of food
All delivered to this coffee shop in town
We didn't order it!
Really kind of upset right now
Been a good customer for years
Hello Jack, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me quickly pull up your records...
Nothing from this past weekend was ordered by us
We haven't ordered in two weeks
What can we do to fix this
Firstly thanks for you loyal support over the past years.
Typically we have a zero refund policy, but I believe we can make an exception for you
one moment while I contact my supervisor to confirm
I would appreciate that
OK the supervisor agrees that we are willing to make the refund as a once off courtesy
One moment while I do authorize the refund.
Wow excellent
Thanks so much
Ok all transaction over the past two weeks have been refunded to your account.
We already changed our passwords
Thank you!!
Thank you!
!
Great, however as is company protocol, I need to force another reset
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Thanks understandable
Appreciate the help with the charges
Ok I have made the force reset. You should receive an email with instructions
Ok I have made the force reset.
You should receive an email with instructions
Is there anything else I can assist you with.
No. Thank you so much
No.
Thank you so much
thank you or supporting ACME food ordering. Your number one food ordering service
thank you or supporting ACME food ordering.
Your number one food ordering service
have a good night further.
Hi, I don't know what happened but my cellphone service is not working. Luckily the wifi on my phone does. Can you help me.
Hi, I don't know what happened but my cellphone service is not working.
Luckily the wifi on my phone does.
Can you help me.
Sure Tiffanie, let me quickly pull up your records and have a look
Ok
I see on the record the last payment was declined by the bank?
were you aware of this?
Was it? I was not aware that they declined my payment
Was it?
I was not aware that they declined my payment
If that was the case then I can see why my service was not working
What I can try and do is rebill you?
Would you like to do this?
Yes, by re-billing me would my service work asap ?
If the payment goes through you account should be up and running within 15min.
I really need my service up as I have some important calls to make
Shall I try it?
Ol
Ok
Ok one moment
Great news the payment went through.
Great
You account will be active within 15min. Could I take the time to suggest we activate payment notifications ?
You account will be active within 15min.
Could I take the time to suggest we activate payment notifications ?
Yes, please do.
Encase this happens again you will be notified before we stop the service
Great, I will do so now.
I don't want this to happen ever again
OK Tiffanie. I believer everything is in order. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK Tiffanie.
I believer everything is in order.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, you handled all my problems
Thank you
Great. Was a pleasure helping you.
Great.
Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day further.
You too
Hello. I recently ordered a table online. When it got here, it was a totally different table than in ordered. Is there anyway this can be fixed so I can receive the table I purchased?
Hello.
I recently ordered a table online.
When it got here, it was a totally different table than in ordered.
Is there anyway this can be fixed so I can receive the table I purchased?
Hey Sam, Let me help you with this.
Okay, thank you.
Puling up your information, I see you ordered the oak dinning table? Is this correct?
Puling up your information, I see you ordered the oak dinning table?
Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Could you please describe the table you received, additionally could you please ensure the table was send to the correct address?
The table I received was cherry, not oak wood. It is also round, not square. The label is addressed to me, so it  was sent correctly.
The table I received was cherry, not oak wood.
It is also round, not square.
The label is addressed to me, so it  was sent correctly.
OK I do apologize for this. What  I can do is schedule for a pickup of the deck and send out the new desk ASAP.
OK I do apologize for this.
What  I can do is schedule for a pickup of the deck and send out the new desk ASAP.
For the pickup order what time will suite you?
Okay, that sounds good.
I can do anywhere from 12-5 pm
Ok let me schedule the pickup order for Friday at 4 pm. At this time we should be able to deliver your correct desk also.
Ok let me schedule the pickup order for Friday at 4 pm.
At this time we should be able to deliver your correct desk also.
Does this suite you?
Yes, that's perfect.
OK, everything seems in order. They will pick up and deliver your desk on Friday.
OK, everything seems in order.
They will pick up and deliver your desk on Friday.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Okay, thank you. That's all I needed.
Okay, thank you.
That's all I needed.
Great, have a good night further.
Help me! How could you let me be hacked after 10 YEARS of loyal customer service!!!!!
Help me!
How could you let me be hacked after 10 YEARS of loyal customer service!!!!
!
I lost $100!!!
I lost $100!!
!
Hey Jeff, Let me have a look what I can do.
How did you lose $100 and when did this hacking occur?
I was gone this last weekend. When I came back, my food ordering account was hacked!!! $100 of food was sent to the nearby coffee shop!!!
I was gone this last weekend.
When I came back, my food ordering account was hacked!!!
$100 of food was sent to the nearby coffee shop!!
!
I thought I could trust you...
I am terribly sorry to hear this. Let me see what  I can do.
I am terribly sorry to hear this.
Let me see what  I can do.
How can you make this up to me?!?
How can you make this up to me?!
?
I have your records in front of me.
Wow, you are a loyal customer. Typically we have a no refund policy. But I believe we can make an exception for you.
Wow, you are a loyal customer.
Typically we have a no refund policy.
But I believe we can make an exception for you.
Let me quickly check with my supervisor
Thank you
OK my supervisory is happy to make this a once off exception
I'm glad
We are willing to make the $100 refund to your credit card.
That will work
However we will need to force a password reset, additionally you will be required to ensure you address is updated
That is okay
Great, give me one moment while I do this.
OK I have done the reset. You should receive an email with instructions.
OK I have done the reset.
You should receive an email with instructions.
I have also authorized your refund, the balance should be visible within two working days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
How can I make sure my account won't be hacked again?
When you select you password, ensure you make the password difficult to crack. Additionally I would recommend putting a  pin on the app
When you select you password, ensure you make the password difficult to crack.
Additionally I would recommend putting a  pin on the app
Would you like me to help you with doing this? Or will you be able to do it self?
Would you like me to help you with doing this?
Or will you be able to do it self?
Okay. That's all I need. I can do it myself.
Okay.
That's all I need.
I can do it myself.
Great. Have a great day further and once again thank you for being such a loyal customer
Great.
Have a great day further and once again thank you for being such a loyal customer
Hello. My cellphone service is not working at all, and I only have wifi access. I have a lot of work to do, is there anyway this situation can be resolved quickly?
Hello.
My cellphone service is not working at all, and I only have wifi access.
I have a lot of work to do, is there anyway this situation can be resolved quickly?
Hey Sam, let me look into this for you.
ah... it seems on the information in front of me that the previous payment was declined by the bank. Where you not notified of this?
ah... it seems on the information in front of me that the previous payment was declined by the bank.
Where you not notified of this?
No, I was not.
I am so sorry. What I can do to resolve this problem quickly os try and make a re-bill
I am so sorry.
What I can do to resolve this problem quickly os try and make a re-bill
Do you have sufficent money in that account currently?
Okay, that sounds good to me.
Yes, I do.
Great, let me authorize the re-bill
Okay, great.
OK, I believe everything is in order? Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK, I believe everything is in order?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is it. Thank you.
No, that is it.
Thank you.
Got new table online, the wrong one arrived
Hey Gi. Just to clarify, what do you mean by the wrong one arrived?
Hey Gi.
Just to clarify, what do you mean by the wrong one arrived?
Thé wrong type of table
O dear, could you please describe the table to me? I see on the stytem you should have received a cherry dinning table?
O dear, could you please describe the table to me?
I see on the stytem you should have received a cherry dinning table?
Black table
OK that id definitely not the table you ordered. Could you please verify that the delivery details on the table is yours?
OK that id definitely not the table you ordered.
Could you please verify that the delivery details on the table is yours?
I would just want to make sure Fedex did not make a mistake
Yeah i verify
OK that means it must be out mistake.
What I will need to do is issue a pickup order and then get the correct table delievered
When can I schedule a pick up order for?
Today
Seeing that it is 8:35pm currently could we maybe schedule it for tomorrow?
Sure
?
?
OK great, I have scheduled the appointment.
?
We dône?
Your new table will also be delivered between 2-5 on friday.
Done?
Great.I believe everything is in order
is there antying else I can assist you with?
?
?
?
?
?
s there antying else I can assist you with?
No
in that case have a great day further
Hello. While I was away for the weekend, my online food ordering account was hacked and $100 worth of food was delivered to a coffee shop near me. Is there anything you can do to help me out?
Hello.
While I was away for the weekend, my online food ordering account was hacked and $100 worth of food was delivered to a coffee shop near me.
Is there anything you can do to help me out?
Hey Sam, generally we have a no refund policy. But let me look into this for you
Hey Sam, generally we have a no refund policy.
But let me look into this for you
Give me one moment
Okay, thank you.
OK it seem you are a very very loyal customer. I believe we can make an exception for you. I will just need to check with my supervisor
OK it seem you are a very very loyal customer.
I believe we can make an exception for you.
I will just need to check with my supervisor
Okay, that sounds good. Thank you for working with me to figure this out.
Okay, that sounds good.
Thank you for working with me to figure this out.
Great, he agrees we can schedule the refund. I will just need to force a password reset. This is company policies
Great, he agrees we can schedule the refund.
I will just need to force a password reset.
This is company policies
Okay, thank you.
OK you should receive an email with the details.
I have also authorized the refund. The balance should be available within the next two days
I have also authorized the refund.
The balance should be available within the next two days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will be it. Thank you.
No, that will be it.
Thank you.
Have a great night further.
I purchased a dining table and was sent the wrong one. I will request that the right table be sent to me
I purchased a dining table and was sent the wrong one.
I will request that the right table be sent to me
Hey Jeramey, let me try and assist you.
I see on the record you ordered a oak dinning table? Is this no the table your received?
I see on the record you ordered a oak dinning table?
Is this no the table your received?
No, I received a cedar table.
Please resolve
O dear, I am sorry. Could you please verify that the address is indeed yours on the box?
O dear, I am sorry.
Could you please verify that the address is indeed yours on the box?
Yes. It is mine.
Yes.
It is mine.
I am happy to replace the table, I would just want to ensure it is not a fedex mistake
OK I will need to schedule a pickup order and have the correct table delivered to you.
what time suites you?
9 am will work
Seems we will only be able to do this 9am on Friday. Is this acceptable?
Seems we will only be able to do this 9am on Friday.
Is this acceptable?
Yes
Great, I have scheduled the appointment.
Thank you
They will also deliver your new table Friday Afternoon.
Is this fine?
Yes perfect
Thank you
Great, I believe everything is in order. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great, I believe everything is in order.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Thank you and have a good day
Same goes for you.
Please, please help quick!
My cellphone network went down
I have SO many important calls to make
There was no notice. It just stopped
There was no notice.
It just stopped
My time is very important.
Hey Jeff, I am sorry to hear that. Let me try and assist you.
Hey Jeff, I am sorry to hear that.
Let me try and assist you.
Let me pull up the records and have a look. Give me a moment please
Let me pull up the records and have a look.
Give me a moment please
OK it seems the last payment was declined by the bank. You mentioned you had no notice?
OK it seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
You mentioned you had no notice?
That is not ideal.
Sorry about the payment. Can I make it to you now?
Sorry about the payment.
Can I make it to you now?
Or can I have just today? I really really need help today.
Or can I have just today?
I really really need help today.
What I can do is try and make a rebill to your account, do you have sufficient funds available, currently ?
I should. I was paid yesterday.
I should.
I was paid yesterday.
Great. one moment while I authorize the payment.
Great.
one moment while I authorize the payment.
OK I have authorized the payment
your service should return within 15min
Thank you
is there anthing else I can assist you with?
That is a lifesaver! That will be all. Thanks again.
That is a lifesaver!
That will be all.
Thanks again.
Great. Have a good day further Jeff
Great.
Have a good day further Jeff
was a pleasure helping you.
I recently purchased a table from your company dining table, delivered it I found out it was the wrong type. Want to find out what's happening with my order and I absolutely want a new table delivered now
I recently purchased a table from your company dining table, delivered it I found out it was the wrong type.
Want to find out what's happening with my order and I absolutely want a new table delivered now
Hello?
Hello blake
I can assist you with this problem
GreAt
I see on the system you ordered a oak dining table. IS this not the table you received?
I see on the system you ordered a oak dining table.
IS this not the table you received?
No I got a maple wood table
OK, that is definitely not the correct table. Could you please verify that the delivery address is correct?
OK, that is definitely not the correct table.
Could you please verify that the delivery address is correct?
I want an oak table as ordered, to 2533 west happy lane in Phoenix AZ 85017
OK, it seems the mistake was on out end. No problem. Let me schedule a  pickup order
OK, it seems the mistake was on out end.
No problem.
Let me schedule a  pickup order
and I will also send your new table out to you ASAP.
What day will suite you for the pickup order?
Thursday is good all day
OK Thursday afternoon?
Yeah
OK one moment while I order the pickup
Ok
OK, I have scheduled the pickup order you delivery should be at the same time.
I believe everything is in order
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a good night , no.
Have a good night further.
My cell phone service just stopped working
I am sorry to hear this. Let me look into this for you
I am sorry to hear this.
Let me look into this for you
Thank you
It seem the last payment was declined by your bank?
Oh I wasn't aware. Perhaps that's a mistake
Oh I wasn't aware.
Perhaps that's a mistake
What I can do is make a re-bill? Do you have sufficient funds in that account at the moment?
What I can do is make a re-bill?
Do you have sufficient funds in that account at the moment?
Yes thank you
OK one moment while I do this.
Okay
OK I have scheduled the re-bill and it seems to have gone through.
Your account should be active within the next 10min
Thank you. That is all for today
Thank you.
That is all for today
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Thank you
Have a good day
Great, have a good day further
Cellphone stopped working
Hey GI. Let me look what I can do to help you
Hey GI.
Let me look what I can do to help you
Pulling up your records
Sure
OK it seems the previous payment was declined by your bank.
With message insufficient funds.
Sure
What I can do is try and order a re-bill?
Sure
OK the payment went through this time.
You account should be active within the next 15min
Sure
We dône?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Have a great day further
Hello ACME. I recently bought a dining table from you. It looked lovely, made of mahogany. But that is NOT what I received. You sent me an oak table. This is NOT what I ordered.
Hello ACME.
I recently bought a dining table from you.
It looked lovely, made of mahogany.
But that is NOT what I received.
You sent me an oak table.
This is NOT what I ordered.
How can I get my mahogany table?
Hey Jeff, sorry for this mistake. Let me try and help you
Hey Jeff, sorry for this mistake.
Let me try and help you
OK, what I can do is schedule a pickup order and have your correct table delievered to you
what dateand time will work for the pickup order?
Jeff?
Anytime. I am a stay at home mother
Anytime.
I am a stay at home mother
Anytime
Hello?
Hey Jeff
Sorry I got distracted. 4 kids.
Sorry I got distracted.
4 kids.
Great, I will order the pickup For Friday afternoon between 2-5PM. We will also be able to deliver your new table at that time
Great, I will order the pickup For Friday afternoon between 2-5PM.
We will also be able to deliver your new table at that time
Do not worry about distractions
Sounds great.
That is all I need. Thanks.
That is all I need.
Thanks.
Great, I believe we are sorted then. Have a good day further.
Great, I believe we are sorted then.
Have a good day further.
I'm having an issue with my order.  I was sent the wrong table and not the one I ordered.  I really want the table that I purchased!
I'm having an issue with my order.
I was sent the wrong table and not the one I ordered.
I really want the table that I purchased!
Hello?!
Hello?
!
I'm getting pissed, I spent way too much money on that table.
Hellooooooooo.....
My online food ordering account has been hacked and more than $100 was spent and delivered to local coffee shop.
How can I get this fixed?
Hey Jeramey, Generally we have a no refund policy. But let me investigate this a bit further
Hey Jeramey, Generally we have a no refund policy.
But let me investigate this a bit further
Thank you
Pulling up your records, I see you have been a customer for a while now
Yes I am loyal
I think we might make an exception in this case. One moment while I speak with my supervisor
I think we might make an exception in this case.
One moment while I speak with my supervisor
Thank you
Ok my supervisor agrees that out of courtesy we will issue you a refund.
I will need to force a password reset tho
Thank you very much
And that's okay
OK I have forced the password reset. You should receive an email with the details.
OK I have forced the password reset.
You should receive an email with the details.
Thank you. That will be all.
Thank you.
That will be all.
One moment while I authorize the refund.
Okay
OK the refund has been made. The balance should be visible within two working days.
OK the refund has been made.
The balance should be visible within two working days.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all
IN that case have a great day further. Was pleasure helping you
IN that case have a great day further.
Was pleasure helping you
My phone service is out I'll do I still have Wi-Fi I have a lot of work to do today I need to get this problem solved help
I need my cell phone Working in right away
Hey Blake, I am sorry to hear this. Let me try and help you
Hey Blake, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me try and help you
Help!
Pulling up your records.
Help!
I see the previous payment order was declined by the bank.
Were you not aware of this?
No
I have another credit card
Before I try that, would you like me to try and make a re-bill?
Yees
Please
Do you have sufficient  fund in that account?
Yes
OK I am gonna attempt to make a re-bill
Ok yes
Great it went through. You service should be active within the next 10min
Great it went through.
You service should be active within the next 10min
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you
You did great
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
In that case, have a great day further.
I have no cellphone reception
O dear, have you tried turing your phone off and on again?
Yeah
I am assuming the reception did not come back?
No
OK let me investigate.
Sure
It seems your last payment, was declined by your bank. Are you aware of this?
It seems your last payment, was declined by your bank.
Are you aware of this?
No
I believe the easiest going forward will be to re-bill your account.  Do you have sufficient funds in that account currently?
I believe the easiest going forward will be to re-bill your account.
Do you have sufficient funds in that account currently?
Yeah
OK I will issue the refund.
I mean I will do the rebill one moment
OK the re-bill is successful
Sure
You account should be active within the next 10 minutes.
We done
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Thank you for you time.
have good night further.
You should this weekend I came back to my business and found that the food ordering account had been hacked inti
Made use of the account and order more than $100 worth of food which was delivered here at my local coffee shop business
want to this resolved right away
Hey Blake, let me investigate what is going on
I've been a loyal customer for many years it won't stand for being ripped off
I appreciate your help
I see you are correct you have been a loyal customer. WE appreciate your support.
I see you are correct you have been a loyal customer.
WE appreciate your support.
Thank you
Normally we have a no refund policy but, I think this can be an exception. Let me contact my supervisor and I will get back to you sortly
Normally we have a no refund policy but, I think this can be an exception.
Let me contact my supervisor and I will get back to you sortly
Allright
I will wait
Great news, the supervisor says we can authorize  the refund.
Great
I will just need to force a password reset
Ok
You should be receiving an email shorting with details. Be ensure the password you select is sufficiently difficult to crack.
You should be receiving an email shorting with details.
Be ensure the password you select is sufficiently difficult to crack.
No prinlem
I'll do that
OK One moment while I authorize the refund
Ok
OK the refund has been made to your account.
Great
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
That's all
IIN that case have a great day further.
My cellphone service stopped working all of a sudden even though I already paid the charge for it. It was working perfectly fine and when I got up his morning to call my friend, if said that I did not have enough funds on the account. What is wrong with my service?
My cellphone service stopped working all of a sudden even though I already paid the charge for it.
It was working perfectly fine and when I got up his morning to call my friend, if said that I did not have enough funds on the account.
What is wrong with my service?
Hello Mary, let me look into this for you.
Ok
It seems you did pay the charge but the bank declined the transaction at a later process.
at a later time*
Why?
I am not sure. What I recommend we do is try and re-bill the account once more.
I am not sure.
What I recommend we do is try and re-bill the account once more.
Do I need to pay again?
If the payment goes through this time you account should be active. If it get declined again you will need to figure out from your bank what are the causes.
If the payment goes through this time you account should be active.
If it get declined again you will need to figure out from your bank what are the causes.
Ok I will try
Thank you
If you would like I can do the re-bill for you?
Yes please
And ensure that your service is switched on promptly?
Ok
OK one moment.
Ok
Great it seems to have gone through.
You account should be active within the next 15min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank u, there is nothing else
In that case, have a great day further.
Ok u too
I purchased a new dining table online but i received the wrong table upon arrival. What happened with the right table? I want the correct one.
I purchased a new dining table online but i received the wrong table upon arrival.
What happened with the right table?
I want the correct one.
Hey Mary, Let me assist you with this.
Ok
It seems on the system you should have received an oak dinning table? However this is not the table you received?
It seems on the system you should have received an oak dinning table?
However this is not the table you received?
Yes that's right
Could you please verify the delivery details on the box?
What happened? I do not understand why it is so difficult to give me the correct table if u guys have receipt.
What happened?
I do not understand why it is so difficult to give me the correct table if u guys have receipt.
Yes I can
What information do You want?
I would like to give you the correct table. I am currently just trying to establish if there was a problem with the delivery or if we packaged the wrong box.
I would like to give you the correct table.
I am currently just trying to establish if there was a problem with the delivery or if we packaged the wrong box.
I live at 2316 Adelaide street. 97633 Klamath falls Oregon
I live at 2316 Adelaide street.
97633 Klamath falls Oregon
My name is Mary row
OK I believe we packaged the wrong table. What I will do is order a pickup order and at the same time deliver your table
OK I believe we packaged the wrong table.
What I will do is order a pickup order and at the same time deliver your table
Could we schedule the pickup and delivery for Friday?
That would be fine
So Friday afternoon?
How about 2:00?
2:00pm is fine by us. I will schedule this to happen.
2:00pm is fine by us.
I will schedule this to happen.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No Thank you
OK I will personally ensure you get the correct table this time. Thank you for you time and sorry again for any inconvenience.
OK I will personally ensure you get the correct table this time.
Thank you for you time and sorry again for any inconvenience.
Thank you
Have a great night further.
I went away for a weekend and when I came back, I noticed my online food account was hacked.i had over 100 dollars stolen! I am highly disgusted that this happened. What will be do e about this?
I went away for a weekend and when I came back, I noticed my online food account was hacked.i had over 100 dollars stolen!
I am highly disgusted that this happened.
What will be do e about this?
I am a loyal customer and would like a full refund and a credit! This is not okay!
I am a loyal customer and would like a full refund and a credit!
This is not okay!
Hey Mary, Let me have a look what I can do for you.
Thank you
From looking on the system, I see you are a very loyal customer. Typically we have a no refund policy. But I believe in this case we can make an exception
From looking on the system, I see you are a very loyal customer.
Typically we have a no refund policy.
But I believe in this case we can make an exception
Please do
Let me just verify with my supervisor
Ok
OK, my supervisor agrees with me that we should give you a complete refund
I am truly sorry about this.
Thank u
Give me one moment while I authorize the refund. I will also need to force a password reset.
Give me one moment while I authorize the refund.
I will also need to force a password reset.
You should be receiving an email with instructions on ho proceed with the password reset.
OK I have scheduled the refund. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK I have scheduled the refund.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you
Great, in that case have a great day further.
Thank you for you time
Hey
I bought a dining table but you guys sent the wrong table. I need to get the correct table sent!!!!
I bought a dining table but you guys sent the wrong table.
I need to get the correct table sent!!!
!
Hello Mia, I can assist you with that.
Ok
It seems on the record you ordered a oak table? Is this not that table you received?
It seems on the record you ordered a oak table?
Is this not that table you received?
Nope!!!
Nope!!
!
Interesting, could you please describe the table which you receive. Additionally could you please verify that the delivery address of that table is yours?
Interesting, could you please describe the table which you receive.
Additionally could you please verify that the delivery address of that table is yours?
I got a black pressed wood table! Very upset!
I got a black pressed wood table!
Very upset!
I understand. We will definitely replace the table with the correct one.
I understand.
We will definitely replace the table with the correct one.
I am current just trying to establish if it was a delivery mistake or a packing mistake.
Ok I hope so!
Ok
Could you please verify that the delivery address is yours?
Ok
What address do you have?
On the system it is 5 Canal Street, New York, NY 10013
apartment 4k
Yes that's me!
Can I get the correct table???
Can I get the correct table??
?
Thank you for verifying this. What I will do is schedule a pick up order and have the correct table sent to you
Thank you for verifying this.
What I will do is schedule a pick up order and have the correct table sent to you
What time will suit you for the pick up ?
3 pm
OK one moment while I input this into the system.
Ok
OK what I have done is schedule the pickup order, your new table has also been ordered and should be arriving on Monday morning.
Ok thanks!
Sorry for any inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sorry for any inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's all!
It was a pleasure assisting you, have a great day further.
Thanks!
I ordered a dining table but when the package arrived I realized that it was not the table that I ordered
Hey Jack, I can assist you with this
Thanks
I see according to the records you ordered a Oak dinning table? This is not what you received?
I see according to the records you ordered a Oak dinning table?
This is not what you received?
No I received a different one
I am sorry to hear this. We will be sure to have this corrected as soon as possible.
I am sorry to hear this.
We will be sure to have this corrected as soon as possible.
You are sending out the correct table?
Could you please just verify that the delivery address of the table matches that of yours?
The address is correct
Ok, thank for verifying that.
What I will do is schedule a pickup order and then have the factory send out your table ASAP.
For the pick up order, what time suits you?
As soon as possible
Will later this afternoon work for you?
Yes that would be good
OK one moment while I input this into the system
Ok thanks
OK what I have done is schedule the pickup order, your new table has also been ordered and should be arriving on Monday morning.
Thank you
Sorry for any inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sorry for any inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all
In that case it was a pleasure assisting you, have a great day further.
Thanks
My cellphone service stopped working with no notice! What is going on???!!!!
My cellphone service stopped working with no notice!
What is going on???!!!
!
Hello Mia, let me investigate for you.
Ok
Looking on the system it seems the last payment order was declined by your bank
Really!
I don't know why! Can you try again?
I don't know why!
Can you try again?
I can try to make a re-bill.
Ok
Give me one moment while I try
Sure!
Great news, it went through.
Awesome! Thanks!
Awesome!
Thanks!
I have created a ticket to reactivate your service. This typically take 10min. So you should be up and running within the next 15min
I have created a ticket to reactivate your service.
This typically take 10min.
So you should be up and running within the next 15min
Ok great!
Ok the ticket is created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ok the ticket is created.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it!
In that case, have a great day further.
I am having problems with my cell service. It is not working at all and I need to have it fixed as soon as possible please.
I am having problems with my cell service.
It is not working at all and I need to have it fixed as soon as possible please.
Hello Jack, let me investigate this for you.
It seems the last payment order was declined by your bank.
I have made a new payment now
ah, I see it went through, one moment while I reactive your service.
Ok. Thank you
Ok.
Thank you
You service should be working within the next 15min. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You service should be working within the next 15min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all. Thanks for your help
No that is all.
Thanks for your help
In that case have a great day further.
We bought a new dining room table from you online. Just got delivery, and it's the wrong table. How can we fix this?
We bought a new dining room table from you online.
Just got delivery, and it's the wrong table.
How can we fix this?
Hello Jack, I will help you resolve this.
Table should have been white. The one sent is natural wood finish.
Table should have been white.
The one sent is natural wood finish.
We wanted the whit one
Thank you for the details. That is indeed the wrong table.
Thank you for the details.
That is indeed the wrong table.
Could you please verify that the delivery address is yours?
Yes that's right
Ok in that case, it must have been a packing mistake. I do apologize. Let me replace the table for you.
Ok in that case, it must have been a packing mistake.
I do apologize.
Let me replace the table for you.
Thanks
OK
And the wrong table will be picked up?
So what I have done is verified that we have stock and placed a new order for you
Thank you
I would also like to schedule that the table which was delivered to you be picked up.
What time will suite you for the pick up order?
We will be here after 3:00 today, tomorrow, and all next week
Ok, let me schedule it fro 3:30pm this afternoon, one moment
Oh wow, perfect
That's fast!
Thanks
Great, your new table will be delivered Monday afternoon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you've been great
IN that case have a great day further.
Thanks!
My online food ordering account has been hacked and $100 dollars of food was ordered and delivered to a local shop! Please help!!!
My online food ordering account has been hacked and $100 dollars of food was ordered and delivered to a local shop!
Please help!!
!
Hey Mia, let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your information.
Ok! Really mad! Been a customer for years!!!
Ok!
Really mad!
Been a customer for years!!
!
OK having a look, these transaction do not seem right.
We will definitely refund you for these transactions
No they're not!
Ok
Awesome!
One moment please while I authorize the refund
Ok
OK Mia, I have authorized the refund.
I will however need to force a password reset
Great!
Ok
This is company policy...
No problem!
OK done, you should be receiving an email with instructions and guidelines to make your account more secure
Ok thanks!!
Ok thanks!
!
Please be sure to read them, to circumvent this happing again.
Ok I will!
Can I help you with anything else?
No
Thanks!
I hope you have a great day further.
Thanks! You too!
Thanks!
You too!
I was away for a few days and when I checked my account I see that $100 in food was charged to my account but I did not order it. It was delivered to a local coffee shop. How do I get these charges removed?
I was away for a few days and when I checked my account I see that $100 in food was charged to my account but I did not order it.
It was delivered to a local coffee shop.
How do I get these charges removed?
Hey Jack, Let me investigate this quickly.
Thanks
Having a look on the system it seems you are correct these don't seem right. We will refund you for them,
Having a look on the system it seems you are correct these don't seem right.
We will refund you for them,
Ok thanks. When will my account be credited?
Ok thanks.
When will my account be credited?
We will doing the refund directly to your Credit Card. One moment while I authorize this
We will doing the refund directly to your Credit Card.
One moment while I authorize this
Ok
OK Jack, I have authorized the refund.
Thank you
I will however need to force a password reset, this is company policy
Ok
OK done, you should be receiving an email with instructions and guidelines to make your account more secure
Ok thanks for your help
Please be sure to read them, to circumvent this happing again.
Will do
Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
Thanks
My cellphone seems to not be dialing out at all right now but I do have wifi. Help!
My cellphone seems to not be dialing out at all right now but I do have wifi.
Help!
Really need my phone today!
Can you check this?
Hey Jack, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me assist you with this.
Thanks
Just to verify, does you data work? Or is it a total service failure?
Just to verify, does you data work?
Or is it a total service failure?
Right now it looks like only wifi is working
Ok, let me investigate...
Thanks
It seem your previous payment order was declined by the bank?
Are you aware of this?
No that's news to me
Can we resolve this?
Sure we can. What I will do is make a re-bill.
Sure we can.
What I will do is make a re-bill.
Do you have sufficient funds in that account at the moment?
Thanks, definitely do that
Yes I have the funds in my account
Ok, let me make the re-bill.
Good news, the payment was successful.
Sweet
OK I will reactive your account now.
OK done, typically this could take 5-10 minutes
Ok that works
Thanks again
Great news. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great news.
Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you
Help! My wife and I were out of town all weekend last weekend, but I just saw over $100 in food order charges on our account. I think someone hacked our password or your system! I need to get this cleared up ASAP!
Help!
My wife and I were out of town all weekend last weekend, but I just saw over $100 in food order charges on our account.
I think someone hacked our password or your system!
I need to get this cleared up ASAP!
Hey Jack, let me see what I can do to help you.
The food all went to Perks Coffee Shop if that helps
We've been loyal customers for years,first problem we've had with your service
We haven't ordered since the first of the month
From you records I see you are a very loyal customer. Normally we have a zero refund policy. But I believer we can make an exception for you,
From you records I see you are a very loyal customer.
Normally we have a zero refund policy.
But I believer we can make an exception for you,
Let me just verify this with my supervisor.
That would be great if you could
Hey Jack, I have spoken to my supervisor. What we will do is refund all transaction which took place after the delivery address was changed.
Hey Jack, I have spoken to my supervisor.
What we will do is refund all transaction which took place after the delivery address was changed.
That equates to $103.56
Right
That's what I see on our account
OK, give me one moment while re refund this money to your credit card
Thanks
OK, I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visible within the next 2 days on your account.
OK, I have authorized the refund.
The balance should be visible within the next 2 days on your account.
Thank you so much!
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Appreciate the help
Above and beyond
Have a great day further.  (for the HIT, do not worry about the email part, just provide use with your cellphone number)
Have a great day further.
(for the HIT, do not worry about the email part, just provide use with your cellphone number)
I only remember 1st six digits of phone
I put in
That is fine
Cool, thanks!
have a good day further
Hwy
hey this works
Hey
I am having problems with my internet
Hey
hey
Hey
I need to schedule installation at a new address for my existing internet service. I do not think the new address has cabling present
I need to schedule installation at a new address for my existing internet service.
I do not think the new address has cabling present
Good Morning John, I'm happy to help you.
Please provide me with your new complete address
414 Wall Street apartment 1163 New York, New York 10007
Great. I've updated the system.
Great.
I've updated the system.
I am looking to see if your new address is serviceable.
Ok
March 7th is the earliest possible date for installation. Does that work for you?
March 7th is the earliest possible date for installation.
Does that work for you?
Yes that will be good
The representative will be there between 8a and noon. Will someone be home at that time?
The representative will be there between 8a and noon.
Will someone be home at that time?
Yes I will be home
Great, then you're all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great, then you're all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all for today. Thanks for your help.
No that's all for today.
Thanks for your help.
Hi, I just moved and I need to get new internet svc installed and update my billing
I think my new place needs a bunch of cables installed for it too
Good morning Jack. I'm happy to help you.
Good morning Jack.
I'm happy to help you.
Thanks
Please tell me your complete address
7115 Dominion Dr
Arlington VA 21320
Is there an apartment or suite number?
Apt B
I have updated the system.
Please hold a moment while I look to see if the address is serviceable.
Cool thanks
Yes, your address is serviceable. The earliest appointment is March 7th - does that work for you?
Yes, your address is serviceable.
The earliest appointment is March 7th - does that work for you?
Weds or fri all day or Thursday after 6pm
Okay, we can have someone there Thursday between 6p and 9p
That will work,thanks
See you then
I'm having a problem with my cable service. None of the channels are working right now.
I'm having a problem with my cable service.
None of the channels are working right now.
Hi John, I can help.
When did the problem begin?
Thanks
I first noticed it yesterday when I came home from work around 6
Okay, thanks. Have you tried restarting the system?
Okay, thanks.
Have you tried restarting the system?
I did and that didn't solve the problem
I'm looking now to see if there are any reported problems in your area.
Ok
The system is down at the moment but should be back up by noon.
I'm sorry for any inconvenience.
Ok thanks for letting me know
Is there anything else I can help you with today
No, that's all.
moved and need cable install
Good morning - I can help with that
sure
?
Please provide me with your full address
123 fake st
?
?
Please provide me with the City, State and apartment number if applicable
faketon, ny
Thank you - the zip code is also necessary.
10000
Fantastic. Please give me a moment to see if your area is serviceable.
Fantastic.
Please give me a moment to see if your area is serviceable.
sure
Yes, it is - we can have a service person out on March 7th does that work
sure
Will someone be home between the hours of 9a and noon?
yes
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
no
done?
?
?
?
?
?
?
Sorry for the delay. Have a great day
Sorry for the delay.
Have a great day
I recently relocated from my apartment and need to contact bell south about having internet installed.
Good morning Bill, I can help you with that. Please provide me with your full address.
Good morning Bill, I can help you with that.
Please provide me with your full address.
320 peach dr, bossier city , la
Is there an apt. #?
Is there an apt.
#?
Apt 2C
Okay, please let me see if that area is serviceable
Yes, it's serviceable. Will someone be home on March 7th between 9a and noon?
Yes, it's serviceable.
Will someone be home on March 7th between 9a and noon?
Yes
Great. Your time is confirmed, is there anything else I can help you with ?
Great.
Your time is confirmed, is there anything else I can help you with ?
If there's nothing else, then I will end the chat. Thank you
If there's nothing else, then I will end the chat.
Thank you
Nothing else thank you
thanks again for using this system
Hi, my cable just went out
Don't have any channels at all
Good morning Jack - I can help you
Not sure what happened just went to No Signal
Have you tried restarting the system?
No, not yet
Does that work?
Let me see if there are any problems in your area
Thanks
There is some scheduled maintenance in your area right now. It will be back up by noon today
There is some scheduled maintenance in your area right now.
It will be back up by noon today
Ah ok. How long?
You'll have your signal today by noon and all channels should work
Ok thanks
Anything else I can help you with?
No appreciate the heads up
Great. Have a good day
Great.
Have a good day
I have recently moved to a new address and would like to inform you about the update of my residential address and place an order for a new installation as my new address have the required cabling
Good morning Somesh, Please provide me your full address
775 New York ave, Brooklyn , Kings, New York 11203
Please let me know in what time the problem will be solved
Let me see if your area is serviceable. Please stand by
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
Please stand by
Okay
It is serviceable. Is march 7th a good day?
It is serviceable.
Is march 7th a good day?
Yes
Okay, please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Yes I confirm
Thank you. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No that will be all
Have a great day
I have moved to a new address and need to update my info with Acme. Also the new apartment needs to have cabling installed for internet access. Please help set up.
I have moved to a new address and need to update my info with Acme.
Also the new apartment needs to have cabling installed for internet access.
Please help set up.
Good morning, I can help you with that, please provide me with your full address
547-A 49th ave, Long Island City NY 11101
is there an apartment number
apt 1-a
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
ok
Yes, we can have someone out there on March 7th, does that work?
Yes. Afternoon would be best if possible.
Yes.
Afternoon would be best if possible.
Okay, please confirm that someone will be home between noon and 4p
that will work. i have put on my calendar.
that will work.
i have put on my calendar.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with today?
no. thanks for your help.
no.
thanks for your help.
Have a great day
I bought tickets for the performance on March 15 and when I looked at my credit card account I realized I was charged twice.
Okay John, I'm happy to help.
Please provide your name and which performance
Jack Hanson. Mumford and sons on March 15 at Madison square gardens
Jack Hanson.
Mumford and sons on March 15 at Madison square gardens
I can see the double charge, please stand by.
Ok
I have found the error and I have fixed the double charge. You should see the credit in two dayh
I have found the error and I have fixed the double charge.
You should see the credit in two dayh
days
Ok thanks for your help
Have a great day
I recently relocated and need to have a new installation as I do not have cabling here
Good morning, I'm happy to help.
Thank you
Sorry for the delay. Please provide me with your full address
Sorry for the delay.
Please provide me with your full address
My address is 1181 cherry st. vernonia, Oregon. 97064
My address is 1181 cherry st. vernonia, Oregon.
97064
Is there an apartment number?
No
Okay, let me see if your area is serviceable.
Thank you
Yes, it is. Our first available appointment is March 7th, does that work?
Yes, it is.
Our first available appointment is March 7th, does that work?
Thank will work
That will be perfect.
I will be at home all day
Great, you're confirmed for March 7th between 9a and noon
Thank you
Have a great day.
Hello. None of my cable TV channels are working today
Hello.
None of my cable TV channels are working today
Good morning. I'm happy to help. Have you tried restarting the system?
Good morning.
I'm happy to help.
Have you tried restarting the system?
No let me try restarting
Looks like that worked
Okay, great. Are the channels coming in clearly?
Okay, great.
Are the channels coming in clearly?
Yes they look good
Great, then you should be good to go.
Is there anything else I can help you with"
That is all thank you
Have a great day.
my cable tv don't work
?
?
?
?
Hey GI, sorry for the delay. I will be able to assist you
Hey GI, sorry for the delay.
I will be able to assist you
sure
When did the problem begin?
today
?
Let me look on the system if I there are any reported issues
sure
It seem there is a reported error
?
can u fix?
We have sent out a technician staff to resolve the problem
sure
Give me one moment while I contact the technician to find out
sure
?
OK seem they will be finished with the task, within the next 15min
sure, we done?
?
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
no
Have a great day further.
sure
Hi yesterday I bought two tickets to the Nationals home opener next month. It looks like I got charged double for 4 seats! Only need two
Hi yesterday I bought two tickets to the Nationals home opener next month.
It looks like I got charged double for 4 seats!
Only need two
Not sure what happened
Let me look into that for you, one moment please
Thanks
O dear, I am sorry to hear that. I see on the system you are correct you were issued 4 seats.
O dear, I am sorry to hear that.
I see on the system you are correct you were issued 4 seats.
What I will need to do is cancel the second perchase and issue a refund
Awesome
Yeah still need the two
Of course, give me moment while I process this
Thanks
OK so your tickets ending with 5782 and 1239 are no longer available, however the ones ending with  9213 and 3573 are still working
Awesome thanks
I have also issued the refund on your card
Even better
is there anything else I can assit you with?
No thanks for the help
Appreciate it!
Have a great day further.
I have recently moved and need to update my address as well as place an order for a new installation.
Hey Greg, Let me assist you with that. Can you provide me with yoru full address details?
Hey Greg, Let me assist you with that.
Can you provide me with yoru full address details?
10 Compton pl glenville ny 12302
Great, let me put that into the sytem
ok I have inputted that into the system
I have also checked and saw your address is serviceable
Seem the eariest we can do the installation is on the 6 March, would this work for you?
Yes it would thank you
Will someone be home between 9-12am?
Yes
Ok, I have confirmed the appointment, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it thank you
In that case, have a great day further.
I would like to report an issue that none of my tv channels are working. I would like Acme to establish what the problem could be
I would like to report an issue that none of my tv channels are working.
I would like Acme to establish what the problem could be
Good morning, I
I'm happy to help. Have you tried restarting the system?
I'm happy to help.
Have you tried restarting the system?
No I haven't tried it yet, you think that might help me ?
Please try it and let me know - I will also check to see if there's anything going on with the system
Okay I did and it is working now
Thank you for the help
Oh, great. Are the channels coming in clearly?
Oh, great.
Are the channels coming in clearly?
Yes they are
Great, then you should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great, then you should be all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all thank you
Okay, Have a great day.
hi. i have cable service with you but none of my channels are working now. is there an outage or what should i do?
hi.
i have cable service with you but none of my channels are working now.
is there an outage or what should i do?
Good morning, I'm happy to help.
hi
Have you tried restarting the system?
by turning off the power?
Yes, wait a few seconds and plug it back in.
ok. i will do that.
looks like everything is back to normal now.
Great, are the channels coming in clearly?
yes. there is no interference. seems fine.
yes.
there is no interference.
seems fine.
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
not today. thanks for your prompt help.
not today.
thanks for your prompt help.
Okay, have a great day.
None of my cable TV channels are working. Can you provide assistance?
None of my cable TV channels are working.
Can you provide assistance?
Good morning. I'm happy to help.
Good morning.
I'm happy to help.
Thank you very much
Sure. Have a great day.
Sure.
Have a great day.
Hello. I recently purchased two tickets to the Taylor Swift concert, and it appears I was charged twice.
Hello.
I recently purchased two tickets to the Taylor Swift concert, and it appears I was charged twice.
Please provide me with your name and date of the performance
Bill Smith and the date is March 19
Great. Let me look in the system. Stand by'
Great.
Let me look in the system.
Stand by'
Ok thanks
I see the error. I will remove the double charge and you should see a credit in about two days.
I see the error.
I will remove the double charge and you should see a credit in about two days.
Great. Thanks for the fast resolution.
Great.
Thanks for the fast resolution.
Have a great day.
i got charged twice 4 tickets
Okay, please provide me with your name and which performance
GI
performance by Eminem
What name are the tickets under?
G.I.
Okay. thanks - Let me look for that
Okay.
thanks - Let me look for that
sure
I see the error. I will fix it and you should see the credit in two days.,
I see the error.
I will fix it and you should see the credit in two days.,
sure
we done?
Yes, have a great day
I have purchased tickets for a live performance online and I realised that you have charged me double the total amount. I would like to ask for a refund of one transaction.
I have purchased tickets for a live performance online and I realised that you have charged me double the total amount.
I would like to ask for a refund of one transaction.
Hey Somesh, let me assist you with this. Could you give me one mooment while I pull up your information?
Hey Somesh, let me assist you with this.
Could you give me one mooment while I pull up your information?
OK looking at the information infront of me, I see you are correct we have double charged you. I appologize.
OK looking at the information infront of me, I see you are correct we have double charged you.
I appologize.
So when I will be able to get my refund ?
I will be able to process the refund now.
One moment while I do so.
Thank you very much for assisting this quickly
It is our pleasure. I have completed the refund. The balance should be available within two working days.
It is our pleasure.
I have completed the refund.
The balance should be available within two working days.
Okay thanks again
is there anything else I can assit you with?
No that will be all
In that case, have a great day further.
Hi none of my cable tv channels are working.  Can you please assist?
Hi none of my cable tv channels are working.
Can you please assist?
Hey Greg, let me try and assit you.
When did the problem begin?
Last night
Have you tried restarting the system?
No not yet.
Could you please try restarting your system?
Okay hang on
No problem, just let me know.
That worked!  Thank you
That worked!
Thank you
It was a pleasure helping you.
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
No that's it thank you
In that case, have a great day further.
I just purchased tickets to see a live show and I was double charged. Can you please assist?
I just purchased tickets to see a live show and I was double charged.
Can you please assist?
Good  morning Jeramey. I'm happy to assist you. Please tell me the name that the tickets are under and for what performance
Good  morning Jeramey.
I'm happy to assist you.
Please tell me the name that the tickets are under and for what performance
Kanye west
Please provide me with the full name of the person the ticket were sold to
Jeramey Caputo
Okay please give me a minute to pull it up in the system>
Thank you
Okay. I see the error and will reverse it. You should see the correction as a credit in about two days,.
Okay.
I see the error and will reverse it.
You should see the correction as a credit in about two days,.
Thank you very much
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No thank you
Have a great day
I can't connect my nexus to the chromecast at times
Good morning Rituraj. I'm happy to help.
Good morning Rituraj.
I'm happy to help.
Whenever i try to connect, I do make sure that both my chromecast and my nexus are housed on the same wifi network which i made sure is relayed through a stronger buffalo router. But everytime i play a movie over the network attached storage, it just disconnects
Whenever i try to connect, I do make sure that both my chromecast and my nexus are housed on the same wifi network which i made sure is relayed through a stronger buffalo router.
But everytime i play a movie over the network attached storage, it just disconnects
Okay, thanks for being so detailed. Sometimes the solution is easy... have you tried restarting the system?
Okay, thanks for being so detailed.
Sometimes the solution is easy... have you tried restarting the system?
Which system? There are 4 systems at work here. The chromecast, the nexus, the wifi router, the television
Which system?
There are 4 systems at work here.
The chromecast, the nexus, the wifi router, the television
Try disconnecting all and let me know. In the meantime I'll see if there's anything going on in your area.
Try disconnecting all and let me know.
In the meantime I'll see if there's anything going on in your area.
Actually the main cable system is down at the moment. You should full access to all your systems by noon today
Actually the main cable system is down at the moment.
You should full access to all your systems by noon today
Are you still there?
I am going to end this chat. If you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us again. Have a good day.
I am going to end this chat.
If you need further assistance, please feel free to contact us again.
Have a good day.
hi. i bought tickets for the concert by Sleater Kinney at the Hollywood Palladium on April 30. when i checked my statement online i saw that i was charged twice. i would like a refund for the double billing.
hi.
i bought tickets for the concert by Sleater Kinney at the Hollywood Palladium on April 30. when i checked my statement online i saw that i was charged twice.
i would like a refund for the double billing.
Please provide me with the name that the tickets are under
Andrew Pandap
Okay, please let me pull it up in my system>
thank you
I see your order and I can see the double charge. I will reverse it and you should see the credit in about two days.
I see your order and I can see the double charge.
I will reverse it and you should see the credit in about two days.
that would be great. i appreciate your help.
that would be great.
i appreciate your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a great day.
I recently purchased tickets to a live performance online and I was double charged. Can you please refund one transaction.
I recently purchased tickets to a live performance online and I was double charged.
Can you please refund one transaction.
Sure, I'm happy to help you. Which performance and please tell me the full name of the person who purchased the tickets
Sure, I'm happy to help you.
Which performance and please tell me the full name of the person who purchased the tickets
It was to see Jay-z at Rockefeller center.  The name is peter harmon
It was to see Jay-z at Rockefeller center.
The name is peter harmon
Great. Thank you. Let me pull your information up in my system.
Great.
Thank you.
Let me pull your information up in my system.
Thanks
I see the error. I will reverse the charge and you should see the credit in two days.
I see the error.
I will reverse the charge and you should see the credit in two days.
Great thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it thank you
Okay. Have a great day>
Okay.
Have a great day>
No. That is it. Thanks for your prompt help in straightening this out for me.
No.
That is it.
Thanks for your prompt help in straightening this out for me.
Have a great day
Hey
I ordered a dining table but when it arrived I realized I was sent the wrong table. I wanted to find out when the correct table could be sent.
I ordered a dining table but when it arrived I realized I was sent the wrong table.
I wanted to find out when the correct table could be sent.
Good morning. I'm sorry to hear that you received an incorrect order. Please provide me with the order number and address.
Good morning.
I'm sorry to hear that you received an incorrect order.
Please provide me with the order number and address.
Order number 263637. 1600 Pennsylvania Ave Washington DC 87372
Order number 263637.
1600 Pennsylvania Ave Washington DC 87372
Okay, thank you. Please let me take a moment and check the system.
Okay, thank you.
Please let me take a moment and check the system.
Ok thanks
Okay, I see that you ordered the Oak dining table. What did you receive?
Okay, I see that you ordered the Oak dining table.
What did you receive?
I received the pine table.
I see what happened. I can schedule the delivery of your table for tomorrow.
I see what happened.
I can schedule the delivery of your table for tomorrow.
Ok great
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No that's all
have a great day.
I recently moved to a new apartment. I'd like to update my address and put in a service order for cabling installation
I recently moved to a new apartment.
I'd like to update my address and put in a service order for cabling installation
Good morning. I'm happy to help. Please provide me with you full address.
Good morning.
I'm happy to help.
Please provide me with you full address.
123 Fake St, Chicago, IL 60613
What is your apartment number?
Number 8
Okay great. Please wait a moment while I see if your area is serviceable.
Okay great.
Please wait a moment while I see if your area is serviceable.
Great thanks
Your area is serviceable. The next appointment available is on March 7th, does that work for you?
Your area is serviceable.
The next appointment available is on March 7th, does that work for you?
That works for me
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon.
Great.
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon.
Yep, that will work
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's everything
Thank you for using our system. Have a great day.
Thank you for using our system.
Have a great day.
We bought a dining room table from you over the weekend, but the delivery just showed up and is a coffee table
Need to have this picked up and the right table delivered!
Good morning. I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. Please provide me with the address and order number.
Good morning.
I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
Please provide me with the address and order number.
I think the order # is 789543A
Okay, let me check the system.
Address is 2121 Dyson Ave
In Arlington
Okay, would you please check the delivery address on the package and confirm that it's 2121 Dyson.
Yeah that's our address. We're home now and available all day today and tomorrow
Yeah that's our address.
We're home now and available all day today and tomorrow
I will have to find your table and put in a change order. Please standby for a moment.
I will have to find your table and put in a change order.
Please standby for a moment.
Ok
We could also be here Thursday or Friday after 4 pm for pickup and delivery
Okay, y ou
you're scheduled for Friday between 4p and 6p.
Ok thanks for straightening this out
We'll be here Friday
Great, is there anything else I can help you with ?
Nope, thanks
Have a great day.
I recently purchased a dining table and realize I have received the wrong one. Please assist
I recently purchased a dining table and realize I have received the wrong one.
Please assist
Good morning. I'm so sorry that you received the wrong table. Please provide with the order number and address
Good morning.
I'm so sorry that you received the wrong table.
Please provide with the order number and address
Order #1288. 1181 cherry st. Vernonia, OR. 97064
Order #1288.
1181 cherry st. Vernonia, OR.
97064
Okay let me check on that.
Thank you
Please describe the table you recieved.
It is a round oak table
Sorry for the delay. I've found the error. I can have your table sent to you tomorrow by 4p. Does  that work?
Sorry for the delay.
I've found the error.
I can have your table sent to you tomorrow by 4p.
Does  that work?
Yes thank you
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with "
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with "
?
No thank you
Okay, have a great day.
Hi I purchased a new dining room table online and just realized you sent me the wrong one. Can you lose send me the correct table?
Hi I purchased a new dining room table online and just realized you sent me the wrong one.
Can you lose send me the correct table?
*please send me
Hey Greg, let me try and assist you.
I would like to establish first weather it was an incorrect delivery or not. Could you please verify the delivery address on the package?
I would like to establish first weather it was an incorrect delivery or not.
Could you please verify the delivery address on the package?
10 Compton pl glenville ny 12302
OK no that is the correct address, seem the problem must be with the packaging facility.
Sorry about that. Let me quickly schedule for a new delivery.
Sorry about that.
Let me quickly schedule for a new delivery.
Great thank you
OK I have sent out the order to deliver you a new table.  I will need to schedule a pick up order for the other table
OK I have sent out the order to deliver you a new table.
I will need to schedule a pick up order for the other table
When will it suite you?
Anytime Monday to Friday between noon and five
OK, let me schedule it for this comming Thursday? We will be able to pick it up and deliver your new table at the same time. How does that sound?
OK, let me schedule it for this comming Thursday?
We will be able to pick it up and deliver your new table at the same time.
How does that sound?
That works great thanks
Ok one moment while I lock this down
OK done, I believe everythinng is in order. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK done, I believe everythinng is in order.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it thank you
In that case, have a great day further.
Hello. I bought a dining room table online from you and it was just delivered. However the table I received is not the table I ordered. I would like to know how this happened and I need to have the table I ordered delivered as soon as possible.
Hello.
I bought a dining room table online from you and it was just delivered.
However the table I received is not the table I ordered.
I would like to know how this happened and I need to have the table I ordered delivered as soon as possible.
Hey Jim, Let me assist you with this matter.
I would like to establish first weather it was an incorrect delivery or not. Could you please verify the delivery address on the package?
I would like to establish first weather it was an incorrect delivery or not.
Could you please verify the delivery address on the package?
THe address is 107 Williams Ave Portland OR 97004
OK no that is the correct address, seem the problem must be with the packaging facility.
Sorry about that. Let me quickly schedule for a new delivery.
Sorry about that.
Let me quickly schedule for a new delivery.
The sooner the better
OK I have sent out the order to deliver you a new table.  I will need to schedule a pick up order for the other table
OK I have sent out the order to deliver you a new table.
I will need to schedule a pick up order for the other table
When will it suite you?
Mornings before noon any day this week.
OK, let me schedule it for this comming Thursday? We will be able to pick it up and deliver your new table at the same time. How does that sound?
OK, let me schedule it for this comming Thursday?
We will be able to pick it up and deliver your new table at the same time.
How does that sound?
Okay as I really need it by Friday so I hope there is no delay.
We will be personally be doing the pick up and delivery.
Great. Thanks for reassuring me.
Great.
Thanks for reassuring me.
No problem, is there antyhing else I can assit you with?
No thanks.
I ordered a table but you guys sent the wrong one! Please fix!
I ordered a table but you guys sent the wrong one!
Please fix!
Hello???
Hello??
?
Good morning Kim, I'm so sorry for this error. Please provide me with the order number and last name.
Good morning Kim, I'm so sorry for this error.
Please provide me with the order number and last name.
Order# 468964 last name smith
Please standby, I'm checking
Ok
Please describe the table you received.
It is a round glass table
I see that ordered the Oak table. Please confirm the address on the box
I see that ordered the Oak table.
Please confirm the address on the box
2234 hart road, Baton Rouge la, 76465
Okay, Let me take a minute to find out where your table is.
Ok
I've found your table. I can have it delivered tomorrow between 4p and 6p. Does that work
I've found your table.
I can have it delivered tomorrow between 4p and 6p.
Does that work
Yes
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you!
Have a great day.
Is the issue resolved?
I'm sorry, I've confirmed the tech will be there March 7th is there anything else?
I recently bought concert tickets and I just realized I was double charged. I'd like one of the charges to be refunded
I recently bought concert tickets and I just realized I was double charged.
I'd like one of the charges to be refunded
Please tell me the name of the concert and the name of the purchaser
The name of the purchaser is Matt Stafford. The name of the concert is Third eye blind
The name of the purchaser is Matt Stafford.
The name of the concert is Third eye blind
Okay, please give me a moment to find your order
Great thanks
I can see the error. I will have it reversed and you should see a credit in two days.
I can see the error.
I will have it reversed and you should see a credit in two days.
Thanks for being so helpful
I'm happy to have helped. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
I'm happy to have helped.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No that'll be everything
Have a great day.
My cellphone service just stopped working without any notice. Can you assist?
My cellphone service just stopped working without any notice.
Can you assist?
Yes, I can help. Please confirm your cellphone number
Yes, I can help.
Please confirm your cellphone number
5036216037
Thank you. Let me pull up your account
Thank you.
Let me pull up your account
Thank you
Okay, I see your account - I'm sorry but it seems that your last payment was declined.
Can you help. I had the funds
Can you help.
I had the funds
Sure. Can I rebill your account on file?
Sure.
Can I rebill your account on file?
Yes
Okay, just a moment.
Thank you
Okay, your payment when through successfully. your service should be active in about 10 minutes.
Okay, your payment when through successfully.
your service should be active in about 10 minutes.
Thank yiu
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
No thank you
Thank you for using this system. Have a great day.
Thank you for using this system.
Have a great day.
Hi, I'm in the middle of making some sales calls on my cell and all of a sudden I can't dial out!
Wi if works, but need my cell service back ASAP!
Hey Jack, let me quickly investigate this for you
one moment please
Thx
OK I have your records open in front of me. It seem the last payment order was declined by the bank?
OK I have your records open in front of me.
It seem the last payment order was declined by the bank?
Hmm not seeing it actually
I show plenty of funds in my acct, but not the transaction
I assume the bank did not notify you. What I can do is try and authorise a re-bill.
I assume the bank did not notify you.
What I can do is try and authorise a re-bill.
Can we resolve this?
Sure, I will just need to do the re-bill, if the transaction is successful you should be opperational within 10 minutes again
Ah cool
I think that should work
Ok one moment while I authorise the payment.
Ok, it was succesfful. Your service should resume within the next 10min
Ok, it was succesfful.
Your service should resume within the next 10min
is there anything else I can assit you with?
Woot! Thanks!
Woot!
Thanks!
Appreciate the help today
No problem. Is there anthing else I can assist you with?
No problem.
Is there anthing else I can assist you with?
Nope. Thanks
Nope.
Thanks
I hope you have a great day further.
My cell service has stopped working. Unfortunately I really need my phone today so I want to see how quickly we can fix it.
My cell service has stopped working.
Unfortunately I really need my phone today so I want to see how quickly we can fix it.
Hello Barack. I'm so sorry you're having an issue. Please confirm your cell number.
Hello Barack.
I'm so sorry you're having an issue.
Please confirm your cell number.
736-373-6373
Sorry for the delay. I've pulled up your account and unfortunately your last payment was declined.
Sorry for the delay.
I've pulled up your account and unfortunately your last payment was declined.
Sorry about that. I just made a new payment through the app.
Sorry about that.
I just made a new payment through the app.
Okay, stand by, it will take a minute for my system to show the payment.
Ok
I see the payment. you're phone should be active in about 10 minutes
I see the payment.
you're phone should be active in about 10 minutes
Ok great. Thanks.
Ok great.
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No that is all.
Have a great day.
Hi can you please help my cell phone service stopped working and I need it today for work.  Fortunately I had wifi and could contact you with this app
Hi can you please help my cell phone service stopped working and I need it today for work.
Fortunately I had wifi and could contact you with this app
Hey Greg, let me help you with this.
One moment while I pull up your records.
Ok, it seems the bank declined your last payment order.
Oh wow thanks
What I can do is try and authorise a re-bill?
Do you have sufficent funds in your account at the moment?
Ok
Ok
OK I have done the re-bill and it was successful, your service should resume within the next 10min
Are we still connected
is there anything else I can still assist you with?
Yes we are still connected
Okay thanks I lost connection a moment. I am all set now thank you!
Okay thanks I lost connection a moment.
I am all set now thank you!
Great, hope with your cellphone connection coming back online you will not have the problem again:) Have a great day further
I'm having a problem with my cable TV. None of my channels are currently working
I'm having a problem with my cable TV.
None of my channels are currently working
Good morning, I'm happy to assist you. Did you try restarting your system?
Good morning, I'm happy to assist you.
Did you try restarting your system?
No, I haven't attempted that yet
Please try and let me know if that helps
Great, the channels appear to be working after restarting the system
Is the picture clear?
Yes it is
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's everything
Thank you and have a great day.
Hello. I am sending this via wi-fi because my cell service suddenly stopped working a few minutes ago and has not come back. I am frantic about this because I have a fill schedule of client calls to make. I need to know what is wrong and how to quickly restore service. I am sure my bill is paid up.
Hello.
I am sending this via wi-fi because my cell service suddenly stopped working a few minutes ago and has not come back.
I am frantic about this because I have a fill schedule of client calls to make.
I need to know what is wrong and how to quickly restore service.
I am sure my bill is paid up.
Good morning. I'm so sorry to hear that you're having an issue. Please tell me your cell number so I can pull up your accoung
Good morning.
I'm so sorry to hear that you're having an issue.
Please tell me your cell number so I can pull up your accoung
account
360 425 6818
Okay, I pulled up your account. Unfortunately, it looks like your last payment was declined.
Okay, I pulled up your account.
Unfortunately, it looks like your last payment was declined.
why?
It was declined by the bank. I can try to rebill to your account on file. Is that okay?
It was declined by the bank.
I can try to rebill to your account on file.
Is that okay?
Yes. The account has a positive balance. I just checked it.
Yes.
The account has a positive balance.
I just checked it.
Great, I will rebill it through out system. Standby.
Great, I will rebill it through out system.
Standby.
thanks
Okay, you're account is now up to date, your phone will be active in about 10 minutes.
That is a relief. Thank you.
That is a relief.
Thank you.
is there anything else I can help you with ?
Not today. Aprreciate your help.
Not today.
Aprreciate your help.
Okay, thank you. Have a great day.
Okay, thank you.
Have a great day.
My cellphone service just stopped working! What is going on???
My cellphone service just stopped working!
What is going on??
?
Hey Kim, let me quickly investigate for you. One moment please
Hey Kim, let me quickly investigate for you.
One moment please
Ik
Ok
Ok, it seems the bank declined your last payment order.
Can you try it again?
Sure, one moment please.
Ok it seem the re-bill was successful. Your service should resume within the next 10 min
Ok it seem the re-bill was successful.
Your service should resume within the next 10 min
Thanks!!!
Thanks!!
!
No problem, is there antyhing else I can assit you with?
No thanks!
I hope you have a great day further.
Hi. We appear to have had our ordering account with you hacked while we were out of town this weekend.
Hi.
We appear to have had our ordering account with you hacked while we were out of town this weekend.
Someone ordered over 100 bucks in food and sent it to some coffee house w free public wi fi
Really bummed because we love your restaurant but we sure didn't order this
Hey Jack, I am sorry to hear about this. Let me quickly investigate what it going on
Hey Jack, I am sorry to hear about this.
Let me quickly investigate what it going on
Our last order was on the 20th of Feb
Wow, you are a really loyal customer
Do we have any recourse here
I am sorry that this happend
Yeah we love you guys
normally we do not do refunds, but I think we can make an exception
We would really appreciate if you could
Ok I have checked with my supervisor, we will go ahead and refund you for the transactions.
So all transaction post 20th Feb will be refunded.
That totals to $105,43
is that correct?
Yes. Prefer this to calling our bank
Yes.
Prefer this to calling our bank
That's the amount I sow
Show
Great, give me one moment while I process the refund.
Thank you
OK the refund is done, you should see the balance in your account within the next 2 days.
is there anything else I can assit you with?
Excellent
No thanks
Probably will be ordering dinner tomorrow tho
Great:) Was a pleasure helping you and thanks again for your business:)
Thanks
I hope you have a great day further.
My online food ordering was hacked and charged me an extra $100. Can you help?
My online food ordering was hacked and charged me an extra $100.
Can you help?
Hi Alex. I can help you with this. I'm so sorry to hear that you're account was hacked. Please let me know your name and account number.
Hi Alex.
I can help you with this.
I'm so sorry to hear that you're account was hacked.
Please let me know your name and account number.
Alex Caputo. Account #1542
Alex Caputo.
Account #1542
Okay, please give me a moment to pull up the account.
Thank you
Have a great day.
When I was out of town my account was hacked! Whoever hacked it purchased $100 worth of stuff! How could this happen????
When I was out of town my account was hacked!
Whoever hacked it purchased $100 worth of stuff!
How could this happen???
?
I'm so sorry to hear that . Please let me know the name on the account as well as the account number
I'm so sorry to hear that .
Please let me know the name on the account as well as the account number
Kim Smith #456985
Let me pull up the account.
Ok
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Unfortunately, the company doesn't have a refund policy but give me a minute to talk to my supervisor to see what can be done.
I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Unfortunately, the company doesn't have a refund policy but give me a minute to talk to my supervisor to see what can be done.
Ok, I hope something because this is unacceptable!
I understand and again I'm terribly sorry for this problem. My supervisor just got back to me and he's confirmed that we will be able to give you a full refund
I understand and again I'm terribly sorry for this problem.
My supervisor just got back to me and he's confirmed that we will be able to give you a full refund
Oh sounds great!
Thank you!
Great. I'm so happy that we can resolve this issue. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
I'm so happy that we can resolve this issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Me too! No that's all. Thanks!!!
Me too!
No that's all.
Thanks!!
!
Thank you. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
You too!
Hi I just got back from vacation and noticed my online food ordering account has been hacked.
Someone spent $100 of food to a local coffee shop.
Is there anything you can do to help me with this seeing that I have been a loyal customer for years?  And these clearly were not my transactions
Is there anything you can do to help me with this seeing that I have been a loyal customer for years?
And these clearly were not my transactions
I'm so sorry to hear that you had this happen. Please provide me with the customer name and account number.
I'm so sorry to hear that you had this happen.
Please provide me with the customer name and account number.
Paul Roberts.  Account number 51836483
Paul Roberts.
Account number 51836483
Okay, I've pulled up your account. Yes, I see that you are a very loyal customer. We appreciate your business. Unfortunately, the company doesn't have a refund policy.
Okay, I've pulled up your account.
Yes, I see that you are a very loyal customer.
We appreciate your business.
Unfortunately, the company doesn't have a refund policy.
Is there nothing I can do. How could acme let my account be hacked!?  I am disgusted.
Is there nothing I can do.
How could acme let my account be hacked!?
I am disgusted.
Let me talk to my supervisor and see if we do something.
Okay thank you
Okay, again, thank you for being such a loyal customer. My supervisor has authorized a full refund of your $100.
Okay, again, thank you for being such a loyal customer.
My supervisor has authorized a full refund of your $100.
Oh awesome thank you :)
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thank you
Thank you. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Hello. I need to report an unauthorized charge of more than 100 dollars to my food orders account.  I was out of town over the weekend and someone had this food delivered to a coffee shop in this town. NO ONE besides me has the account login info so I am concerned that your security measures have been compromised by a hacker. I have been a customer for years. Can you isolate the problem and reimburse me? I am disturbed that my payment information has been accessed and misused.
Hello.
I need to report an unauthorized charge of more than 100 dollars to my food orders account.
I was out of town over the weekend and someone had this food delivered to a coffee shop in this town.
NO ONE besides me has the account login info so I am concerned that your security measures have been compromised by a hacker.
I have been a customer for years.
Can you isolate the problem and reimburse me?
I am disturbed that my payment information has been accessed and misused.
Hi Jim. I am so sorry to hear that this has happened to you. Please tell me the name on the account as well as the account number. I will look right into it.
Hi Jim.
I am so sorry to hear that this has happened to you.
Please tell me the name on the account as well as the account number.
I will look right into it.
The name is Jim Woodruff. Account JW2105A
The name is Jim Woodruff.
Account JW2105A
Let me look at  your account. Please stand by for a moment. I will get right back to you.
Let me look at  your account.
Please stand by for a moment.
I will get right back to you.
Okay, I see that you were charged $100. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy.
Okay, I see that you were charged $100.
Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy.
Can the credit card comppany take a charge back then?
No, they can't. But let me talk to my supervisor and see if anything can be done on our end.
No, they can't.
But let me talk to my supervisor and see if anything can be done on our end.
Please standby for a moment.
Thanks
Thanks for waiting. My supervisor has approved a full $100 credit. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Thanks for waiting.
My supervisor has approved a full $100 credit.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
That is great. Many thanks.
That is great.
Many thanks.
Thank you for being such a loyal customer. Is there anything I can help you with today?
Thank you for being such a loyal customer.
Is there anything I can help you with today?
Not today. Thanks again.
Not today.
Thanks again.
I checked my food account after being gone for the weekend and noticed that I was charged $100 for food I did not order. It was delivered to the coffee shop on elm street. I would like for my account to be credited please.
I checked my food account after being gone for the weekend and noticed that I was charged $100 for food I did not order.
It was delivered to the coffee shop on elm street.
I would like for my account to be credited please.
Hi Barack, I'm happy to assist you. Please provide me with the full name on the account as well as the account number
Hi Barack, I'm happy to assist you.
Please provide me with the full name on the account as well as the account number
Barack Obama. 37373728
Barack Obama.
37373728
Thank you Mr. President. Let me check your account.
Thank you Mr. President.
Let me check your account.
I see the charge for $100. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy.
I see the charge for $100.
Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy.
So I won't be credited for an order I did not place?
That
That's not the policy but let me talk to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do.
Ok thank you.
You are a very loyal customer and we thank you for that. My supervisor has authorized a full refund of your $!00.
You are a very loyal customer and we thank you for that.
My supervisor has authorized a full refund of your $!00.
$100
Thanks. I appreciate that.
Thanks.
I appreciate that.
My pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
My pleasure.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it. Thanks.
No that's it.
Thanks.
Okay, thank you again. Have a great day.
Okay, thank you again.
Have a great day.
Hello, I recently bought a dining table on your website and I got sent the wrong table. Can you please help me with this issue?
Hello, I recently bought a dining table on your website and I got sent the wrong table.
Can you please help me with this issue?
Hi Kevin. Yes, I'm happy to help. I'm sorry that you receive the wrong table. Please confirm the name, delivery address and order number so I can pull up your account.
Hi Kevin.
Yes, I'm happy to help.
I'm sorry that you receive the wrong table.
Please confirm the name, delivery address and order number so I can pull up your account.
The name on the account is Kevin O'Connor, the delivery address is 16815 Rudence Court, Charlotte, NC, and the order number is 58677014.
Thank you Kevin. Please give me a moment while I pull up your account.
Thank you Kevin.
Please give me a moment while I pull up your account.
Okay thank you
While I'm doing this, please describe the table you received.
The table I received is wooden. I ordered a completely different white glass table
The table I received is wooden.
I ordered a completely different white glass table
Great thanks for the details. I see that your table went to "Prudence Court." I'm very sorry for the error.
Great thanks for the details.
I see that your table went to "Prudence Court."
I'm very sorry for the error.
I can have the table delivered to you tomorrow if that works for you.
Okay that works. What should I do with the table I received?
Okay that works.
What should I do with the table I received?
The delivery crew will pick up the table when they deliver yours. Please confirm someone will be home tomorrow between 4p and 6p
The delivery crew will pick up the table when they deliver yours.
Please confirm someone will be home tomorrow between 4p and 6p
Okay. I will be home at that time
Okay.
I will be home at that time
Great, again I apologize for the error in the delivery. Thank you for your patience while we correct this error.
Great, again I apologize for the error in the delivery.
Thank you for your patience while we correct this error.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is okay. Thank you.
It is okay.
Thank you.
And no, that is it. Thanks.
And no, that is it.
Thanks.
Have a great day and enjoy your new table.
Hey
Hey
Hey
test
test
test
??
?
?
Hey
hey
Blah
Hello, my phone service on my cellphone is not working anymore. I have been using wifi instead, but I do not get any service otherwise. Can you help me with this problem?
Hello, my phone service on my cellphone is not working anymore.
I have been using wifi instead, but I do not get any service otherwise.
Can you help me with this problem?
Hello Kevin. Yes, I'd be happy to help you with this problem. Please tell my your cell phone number
Hello Kevin.
Yes, I'd be happy to help you with this problem.
Please tell my your cell phone number
5404195680
Thank you. Please give me a moment while I pull up your account.
Thank you.
Please give me a moment while I pull up your account.
Kevin, I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
Hmm, that is strange. Let me take a look at my online banking
Hmm, that is strange.
Let me take a look at my online banking
Sure. Take your time.
Sure.
Take your time.
Okay so I checked. I have the funds necessary to pay my monthly phone bill and I don't see a charge in my history
Okay so I checked.
I have the funds necessary to pay my monthly phone bill and I don't see a charge in my history
Okay, perhaps there was an error on our end. Is it okay if I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
Okay, perhaps there was an error on our end.
Is it okay if I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
Yes, that is completely fine.
Great. I will let you know once it goes through. It may take a moment
Great.
I will let you know once it goes through.
It may take a moment
Okay, thank you.
Your payment went through. You should have service within the next 10 minutes.
Your payment went through.
You should have service within the next 10 minutes.
Okay. Thank you so much!
Okay.
Thank you so much!
I'm happy to help. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm happy to help.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that is it. Thank you
No, that is it.
Thank you
Thank you. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
I had ordered a table online and I just received it to find it is not the correct one.
Hi Chrisine. I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. Please tell my your full name and the order number.
Hi Chrisine.
I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
Please tell my your full name and the order number.
Where would I find my order #
It should have been send to you online with your receipt but if you give me your last name and address, I can look it up that way.
I will have to get back with you later. Thank you.
I will have to get back with you later.
Thank you.
Could you please close this session for me.
the problem is not resovled. Are you sure you would like me to end the conversation?
the problem is not resovled.
Are you sure you would like me to end the conversation?
Yes please. I will contact again shortly
Yes please.
I will contact again shortly
Sure
Hello, I recently came back from vacation and noticed over $100 of food was charged to my card from my online food ordering account. All of these orders were not authorized by me. Can you help me with this?
Hello, I recently came back from vacation and noticed over $100 of food was charged to my card from my online food ordering account.
All of these orders were not authorized by me.
Can you help me with this?
Hello Kevin. I'm so sorry to hear that this is happened to you. I'm happy to help. Please provide me with the account number.
Hello Kevin.
I'm so sorry to hear that this is happened to you.
I'm happy to help.
Please provide me with the account number.
My account number is 54206
Thank you. Please give me a moment to pull up your account.
Thank you.
Please give me a moment to pull up your account.
Yes. I see the $100 charge. Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy.
Yes.
I see the $100 charge.
Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy.
What am i supposed to do? I've been a loyal customer of Acme for years.
What am i supposed to do?
I've been a loyal customer of Acme for years.
I may have to get the police involved here
Kevin, I see that you've been a very loyal customer. Let me talk to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do.
Kevin, I see that you've been a very loyal customer.
Let me talk to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do.
Okay, My supervisor has authorized a full $100 refund. Please check for an email to establish a new account.
Okay, My supervisor has authorized a full $100 refund.
Please check for an email to establish a new account.
Let me check
Okay, I see it. Thank you. I'm going to make a new account
Okay, I see it.
Thank you.
I'm going to make a new account
Fantastic. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Fantastic.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all. Thank you.
No that is all.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
I moved and need to update my address. I also need to schedule an install because my new place doesn't have the right cables.
I moved and need to update my address.
I also need to schedule an install because my new place doesn't have the right cables.
Hi Marge, I can help you. Please tell me your full address
Hi Marge, I can help you.
Please tell me your full address
3268 flower rd, statesville, MI 36832
Is there an apartment number?
Yes sorry #6
Okay, let me see if you're in a serviceable area.
Ok thanks
Yes, I see that we cover your area. The next appointment we have available is March 7th .  Does that work for you?
Yes, I see that we cover your area.
The next appointment we have available is March 7th .
Does that work for you?
Yes that works!
Great. Please confirm that there will be someone home between 9a and 4p
Great.
Please confirm that there will be someone home between 9a and 4p
Yes I will be there.
You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with today"
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with today"
?
No
Thanks!
Thank you. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Okay hi again
My order # is 765342
Hi Christina, thanks for your order number I will check on it. Please describe the table you received.
Hi Christina, thanks for your order number I will check on it.
Please describe the table you received.
It is white I orders light briwn
Brown
Please confirm your delivery address.
643 holland road. Sedville Maryland 55733
643 holland road.
Sedville Maryland 55733
Thank you.
Okay, I've found the problem. I will have your table delivered tomorrow. Does that work for you?
Okay, I've found the problem.
I will have your table delivered tomorrow.
Does that work for you?
Yes thank you very much
Please confirm that someone will be home between 4p and 6p
Yes they will
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
Have a great day.
Thanks
no problem
Thanks!
Hi! None of my cable channels are working! What's going on???
Hi!
None of my cable channels are working!
What's going on??
?
Hey Marge, let me try and help you resolve this.
Have you tried restarting your system?
Ok
Sometimes there is a problem with the system becoming out of sync.
Ok
Did that help?
Yes!!!
Yes!!
!
Thank you!
Great, in that case is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks!
No.
Thanks!
Hi I am having an issue with my cell phone service it isn't working and I only have wifi right now. Can you help me resolve this?
Hi I am having an issue with my cell phone service it isn't working and I only have wifi right now.
Can you help me resolve this?
Sure thing, let me look what I can do to assist you.
One moment while I pull up your records.
Thank you
I have pulled up your records, it seems the last payment order was declined by the bank.
Could it be ran through again? I know I have enough funds
Could it be ran through again?
I know I have enough funds
Let me try and make a re-bill
Thank you
Ok, I have made a re-bill!
Great!
It was successful, your service should resume within the next 10min
Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
No thank you!
I hope you have a great day further.
I purchased tickets to a live performance. I just saw that I was charged twice! I need a refund for one...
I purchased tickets to a live performance.
I just saw that I was charged twice!
I need a refund for one...
Hey Marge, let me try and help you resolve this.
Ok thanks
Ok I have pulled up your records and see that you have been double charged. I do appologize for that
Ok I have pulled up your records and see that you have been double charged.
I do appologize for that
Give me one moment while I process the refund.
Ok
OK the refund is done, you should see the balance in your account within the next 2 days.
Ok awesome thanks!
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
No thanks
I hope you have a great day further.
Thanks!
Hi there I was gone this last weekend for work and I noticed when I got home my food ordering account was hacked. They made a purchase of $154 in food that was delivered to the coffee shop down the street. Is there anything that can be done to fix this issue for me. I have been a good customer for a long time and would be very disappointed if this is not fixed for me.
Hi there I was gone this last weekend for work and I noticed when I got home my food ordering account was hacked.
They made a purchase of $154 in food that was delivered to the coffee shop down the street.
Is there anything that can be done to fix this issue for me.
I have been a good customer for a long time and would be very disappointed if this is not fixed for me.
Hey Christina, I can assist you with this. Give me one moment while I pull up your records
Hey Christina, I can assist you with this.
Give me one moment while I pull up your records
Ok, Looking at your account I see you are a really loyal customer
Generally we do not do refunds, but I believe we can make an exception for you
Hello?!
Hello?
!
Anyone there?
one moment while I confirm this with my supervisor
Hi
Hey?
Are you not recieving the messages?
I am not seeing any messages or am receiving
Close the app completely and reload it
Maybe end the conversation and I can start over
Close the app completely and reload it
I did that and still nothing I had to shut off the phone and restart it all. I apologize.
I did that and still nothing I had to shut off the phone and restart it all.
I apologize.
It works now :)
Great, feel free to sumbit the HIt so long...
Let do the last converstaions? I believe you have one more?
Let do the last converstaions?
I believe you have one more?
So I bought a table and the wrong one has been sent. This is not a good company standard. I need the right table sent
So I bought a table and the wrong one has been sent.
This is not a good company standard.
I need the right table sent
Anyone there?
Hey John, I can assit you with this
Ok what's your solution
Looking at your order I see you ordered a oak table? Is this not the table you recieved?
Looking at your order I see you ordered a oak table?
Is this not the table you recieved?
No this one is cheap wood...
I do appologize. Let me correct taht for you
I do appologize.
Let me correct taht for you
Ok , what I have done is resend you the proper table. I will need to schedule a pickup order
Ok , what I have done is resend you the proper table.
I will need to schedule a pickup order
Alright thanks go ahead and do that
What date and time will suite you for the pickup order?
3/11/15
Ok great, can I schedule it for 14:00?
Yea
OK I have done so.
Thanks
I believe evething is sorted. Is there anything else I can asisst you with?
I believe evething is sorted.
Is there anything else I can asisst you with?
That's all
Can you end the chat please?
Sorry, will do. Have a great day
Sorry, will do.
Have a great day
I would like to report an issue that I ordered a dining table online and on its arrival I realised that you have sent the wrong table
Hey Somesh, let me assit you with this.
I see you ordeed the oak dinning table, is this not the table you got?
Yes
I am sorry to hear this. Let me resolve this issue.
I am sorry to hear this.
Let me resolve this issue.
Thank you I will be glad if you can resolve this as soon as possible.
Ok , what I have done is resend you the proper table. I will need to schedule a pickup order
Ok , what I have done is resend you the proper table.
I will need to schedule a pickup order
Okay thank you
What date and time will suite you for the pickup order?
8th March anytime after 10:00 am
Great, let me put that into the sytem
Thank you for the assistance
Ok, I do appologize for this. You new table will arive this Thursday.
Ok, I do appologize for this.
You new table will arive this Thursday.
Ok
The pickup order is secheduled for 11am
Yeah that will be fine
Great, in that case is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all
It was a pleasure helping you.
I hope you have a great day further.
Hi there I was gone this last weekend for work and came home to see my food ordering account was hacked sending $145 in food to a coffee shop down the street. I would like to have this matter resolved please.
Hi there I was gone this last weekend for work and came home to see my food ordering account was hacked sending $145 in food to a coffee shop down the street.
I would like to have this matter resolved please.
Hey Christina, Let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your records.
Thank you
Wow, I see you are a loyal customer, I do appologize for this.
I appreciate it.
Give me one moment while I issue the refund for you.
Thank you!
Ok, I see you address was changed on the 24 Feb, I refunded all amounts after this date and time. The balance should be visible within the next 2 days
Ok, I see you address was changed on the 24 Feb, I refunded all amounts after this date and time.
The balance should be visible within the next 2 days
Great
I am very satisfied with this!
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
No thank you!
I hope you have a great day further.
You too
Thanks again
No problem
So my cell service isn't working... I have a lot to do and need it to be back working... I'm using wifi for now... What's going on with my cell service and how long will it take to be fixed
So my cell service isn't working...
I have a lot to do and need it to be back working...
I'm using wifi for now... What's going on with my cell service and how long will it take to be fixed
Any rep there?
Hello I can assist you with this
one moment while I pull up your records
Ok
OK I see you last paymnet order was declined by your bank...
Well I have enough money in there? Can I resend the payment
Well I have enough money in there?
Can I resend the payment
Sure I can authorizes a re-bill?
Let me do this quickly for you?
Ok thanks
great, the transaction was successful.
Your service should be ressumed within the next 10min
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
No that's it
In that case, have a great day further.
I would like to report an issue regarding my cellphone service which just stopped working without any prior notice, also I have a lot of admin to sort out so I would appreciate if you resolve it as fast as you can
hey Somesh, let me investigate this for you. One moment while I pull up information.
hey Somesh, let me investigate this for you.
One moment while I pull up information.
Looking at your information, I see your last paymnet order was declined by the bank.
Ok
Can you fix it
Surem what  I can do is make a re-bill for the outstanding ammount.
Do you have sufficent funds in your account at the moment?
Yes
OK, great news the transaction was successful.
Your service should resume within the next 10 min
Great thank you very much
You saved my day
Thanks, you too. Have a great day further.
Thanks, you too.
Have a great day further.
Sorry I do appologize, I meant to ask if there is anything else I can assit you with
It's okay
That will be all thank you
In that case, have a great day further.
Hey I just went on a trip and my food ordering account was hacked and used for over 100$. I've been a loyal customer and can't believe you let this happen... What can you do
Hey I just went on a trip and my food ordering account was hacked and used for over 100$.
I've been a loyal customer and can't believe you let this happen... What can you do
Hey John, I can assit you with this
Let me pull up your records...
Looking at your records, I see you are a really loyal customer :)
I do appologize for this.
Yes... It's a real burden
Yes...
It's a real burden
Understandable.
I need this fixed please
Normally we do not do refunds, but I think we can make an exception
Let me just check with my supervisor if he will be happy if I do the refund.
K
great my supervior agrees. I will be processing the refund now
great my supervior agrees.
I will be processing the refund now
Great ty
OK I have authorized the refund. The balance should be visiable within the next two working days
OK I have authorized the refund.
The balance should be visiable within the next two working days
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
Awesome thanks no that's all
In that case, have a great day further.
I recently went away on the weekend and when I returned I noticed that someone hacked into my online food ordering account and made a purchase of more that 100$ which was delivered to a local coffee shop. I am very disgusted that you allowed this to happen and I would like you to find out if there's anything you can do about this as I am you loyal customer for years
I recently went away on the weekend and when I returned I noticed that someone hacked into my online food ordering account and made a purchase of more that 100$ which was delivered to a local coffee shop.
I am very disgusted that you allowed this to happen and I would like you to find out if there's anything you can do about this as I am you loyal customer for years
Hello Somesh. I am very sorry that this happened to you. Please provide me with the full name on the account as well as the account number.
Hello Somesh.
I am very sorry that this happened to you.
Please provide me with the full name on the account as well as the account number.
SOMESH YADAV
Account number : 65784567
Okay, please give me a minute while I pull up your account.
Sure
Yes, I see the order for $100. I also see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you. Unfortunately, the company has a no return policy.
Yes, I see the order for $100.
I also see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you.
Unfortunately, the company has a no return policy.
So how can I cover my loss ?
Let me speak to my supervisor and see if there's anything we can do?
Ok
Thank you again for being such a loyal customer. My supervisor has authorized me to credit your account for the full $100. You should see that refund in about two days.
Thank you again for being such a loyal customer.
My supervisor has authorized me to credit your account for the full $100.
You should see that refund in about two days.
Thank you very much
This was very nice and kind of you
No problem. I also suggest that you create a new account and password. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No problem.
I also suggest that you create a new account and password.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Ok I will do that
No that will be all
Great. Have a good day.
Great.
Have a good day.
I was trying to pay my electricity bill but I encountered an error while logging in. Now it says my account is locked.
I was trying to pay my electricity bill but I encountered an error while logging in.
Now it says my account is locked.
Hi George. I'm happy to help you. Please tell me your username
Hi George.
I'm happy to help you.
Please tell me your username
George123
Thank  you. To verify who I am speaking with, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email account associated with this account.
Thank  you.
To verify who I am speaking with, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email account associated with this account.
George Wallace. 03/09/1945 george@gmail.com
George Wallace.
03/09/1945 george@gmail.com
Thanks, let me check you account
Ok
I have issued a password reset. You will receive that shortly via email along with the instructions to reset.
I have issued a password reset.
You will receive that shortly via email along with the instructions to reset.
Ok thanks. I just got the email.
Ok thanks.
I just got the email.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all. Thanks for your help.
That's all.
Thanks for your help.
Have a great day.
I was trying to pay my electricity bill online. I tried to login 3 times but couldn't and I got locked out!
I was trying to pay my electricity bill online.
I tried to login 3 times but couldn't and I got locked out!
Help!
Hi Mary. I'm sorry you encountered that problem. Which username do you use?
Hi Mary.
I'm sorry you encountered that problem.
Which username do you use?
Snoopy
Okay. Thanks to verify who I am speaking with, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Okay.
Thanks to verify who I am speaking with, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Mary Smith. 10/03/67. MaryS@gsnail.com
Mary Smith.
10/03/67.
MaryS@gsnail.com
Thanks. Let me research. Stand by
Thanks.
Let me research.
Stand by
Ok
I have reset your password. You'll receive a temp password and instructions to reset a new password via email
I have reset your password.
You'll receive a temp password and instructions to reset a new password via email
Ok thank you!!!
Ok thank you!!
!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
Okay thanks Have a great day
I'm trying to pay my electric bill online... I tried to log on 3 times and it wouldn't let me log on and now I'm locked out. Can you help me get into my account
I'm trying to pay my electric bill online...
I tried to log on 3 times and it wouldn't let me log on and now I'm locked out.
Can you help me get into my account
Hi Tom, I'm sorry to hear that. What user name did you use?
Hi Tom, I'm sorry to hear that.
What user name did you use?
Tom1889
Okay. Thanks. To verify who I am speaking to, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Okay.
Thanks.
To verify who I am speaking to, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Tom Williams 4/17/1985 tom1889@gmail.com
Let me check your account. Please stand by.
Let me check your account.
Please stand by.
Ok
I've reset with a temp password. You'll receive instructions to set up a new one via email shortlyh
I've reset with a temp password.
You'll receive instructions to set up a new one via email shortlyh
Ok thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with today?:
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
:
That's it
Great. Have a wonderful day.
Great.
Have a wonderful day.
I would like to report an issue. I was trying to login to my account to my electricity bill but I couldn't. After some attempts of logging in I was locked. I would like you to assist me
I would like to report an issue.
I was trying to login to my account to my electricity bill but I couldn't.
After some attempts of logging in I was locked.
I would like you to assist me
Hello Somesh. Please let me know your user name
Hello Somesh.
Please let me know your user name
username: someshyadav
Password: abcxyz
Thank you. I will review your account. Please stand by
Thank you.
I will review your account.
Please stand by
Ok
I have reset your account with a temporary password. You'll receive instruction about how to reset a new password via email shortly.
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
You'll receive instruction about how to reset a new password via email shortly.
Thank you very much
I will reset it now
Is there anything else I can help you with
No that will be all
Have a great day
Hi I am having trouble logging into my account. I attempted my log in incorrectly too many times and have been locked out. Could you please help
Hi I am having trouble logging into my account.
I attempted my log in incorrectly too many times and have been locked out.
Could you please help
Hi Christina. I'm sorry you're having that problem. What's your username.
Hi Christina.
I'm sorry you're having that problem.
What's your username.
Cheerio13
Okay Thanks. To verify your identity. Please provide me with your full name, email address and date of birth
Okay Thanks.
To verify your identity.
Please provide me with your full name, email address and date of birth
Christina Marillo, christinamarillo@tugboat.com and 6-16-88
Thank you. Let me do some research. Please stand by
Thank you.
Let me do some research.
Please stand by
I have reset your account. You will receive instructions to reset via email
I have reset your account.
You will receive instructions to reset via email
Thank you
Have a great day
I am trying to log in to pay my electric bill but I have been locked out. Can you assist me?
I am trying to log in to pay my electric bill but I have been locked out.
Can you assist me?
Hi Jeramey. I'm sorry to hear you're having problems. What is our username?
Hi Jeramey.
I'm sorry to hear you're having problems.
What is our username?
Frogboy12
thanks. To verify your identity, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
thanks.
To verify your identity, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address.
Jeramey Tath. 12/05/1986
Jeramey Tath.
12/05/1986
Great. I will check on this, please stand byh
Great.
I will check on this, please stand byh
Thank you
Okay, I have reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset your password.
Okay, I have reset your account with a temp password.
You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset your password.
Thank you very much
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
Have a great day.
I ordered an Internet router. I pulled up the order at work and says it was delivered... I got home and it's not here. It specifically says it has to have a signature for it. I need this resolved
I ordered an Internet router.
I pulled up the order at work and says it was delivered...
I got home and it's not here.
It specifically says it has to have a signature for it.
I need this resolved
Hi Tom. I'm happy to help.
Hi Tom.
I'm happy to help.
Please confirm that you didn't receive a note from the delivery agent.
No note left
Okay, thanks. Please verify the address the package should have been sent to.
Okay, thanks.
Please verify the address the package should have been sent to.
728 main st Nashville TN 41937
Thank you. Please give me a minute to research this.
Thank you.
Please give me a minute to research this.
Thanks
I'm sorry but the package was left at the door. I've opened a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated. You'll receive an email
I'm sorry but the package was left at the door.
I've opened a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated.
You'll receive an email
Ok please look into it and get it straightened out because I didn't sign for it... Thanks
Ok please look into it and get it straightened out because I didn't sign for it...
Thanks
Yes, I understand. The investigation should take about 24 hours. Please contact us if you haven't heard back from us
Yes, I understand.
The investigation should take about 24 hours.
Please contact us if you haven't heard back from us
Ok thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
Okay, have a great day.
I was trying to pay my electric bill online and guess I forgot my password. System locked me out after three tries
I was trying to pay my electric bill online and guess I forgot my password.
System locked me out after three tries
Need to get in and put payment thru
Can't get access to account at all
Hi Jack, I'm sorry you're having this problem. What is your username?
Hi Jack, I'm sorry you're having this problem.
What is your username?
Can we reset password and get me access?
Online acct is with this phone
Username is jhorn178
To verify your identity, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Which?
the one associated with this electric bill that you paid online
5489123567
I need to verify your identity for this problem Please provide your date of birth and email address.
Address is 5454 Holt Ln
thank you. I can find this information with what you've provided. Standby while I research
thank you.
I can find this information with what you've provided.
Standby while I research
Thanks
I have reset your account with a temp. password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions
I have reset your account with a temp.
password.
You'll receive an email shortly with instructions
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks for the help
Have a great day
I placed an order for a new modem and it was delivered today while I was at work. When I got home the package was not here. I noticed that it required a signature though.
I placed an order for a new modem and it was delivered today while I was at work.
When I got home the package was not here.
I noticed that it required a signature though.
Hey George, Let me help you with this.
Ok thank you
Just to verify, was no note left on the door or the premises?
No. I don't see a note anywhere
No.
I don't see a note anywhere
OK, Could you please specify your address? So that I can verify that against the system?
OK, Could you please specify your address?
So that I can verify that against the system?
414 Brooke St. Helena Montana 36371
That is the same address that is on the system
I am gonna need to create a ticket for further investigation.
Ok thanks
What will happen is that we will contact the person which was responsible for the delievery and verify where he left the package.
Ok. How long will that take?
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours.
If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
replaced*
Ok sounds good
I do appoligize for this inconvience...
That's ok. Thanks for your help.
That's ok.
Thanks for your help.
Your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with further?
Your ticket has been created.
Is there anything else I can assist you with further?
That's all for now.
In that case, I hope you have a great day further. We will be sure to contact you as soon as we have more information.
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
We will be sure to contact you as soon as we have more information.
I put in an order for a modem.  I got a notice that it was left at my door. When I got home the package was gone! They were supposed to get a signature but didn't! What happened????
I put in an order for a modem.
I got a notice that it was left at my door.
When I got home the package was gone!
They were supposed to get a signature but didn't!
What happened???
?
Hey Mary, I will try assist you with this.
Ok
I am sorry to hear that.
I would like to just verify some thing. Was no note left on your door or premises?
I would like to just verify some thing.
Was no note left on your door or premises?
Thanks
No. I got the delivery notice in my email.
No.
I got the delivery notice in my email.
Ok, so you received a delievery notice, but no package. Interesting...
Ok, so you received a delievery notice, but no package.
Interesting...
Yes
On the notice there should be a name of the person who put the notice in the mailbox, Could you please provide me with the name?
Sam
Ok, it seem I am unable to get hold of SAM.
What I have to do now is create a ticket for this to be investigated further.
Ok I guess...
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours.
If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
Ok sounds good!
I do apologize for this inconvience...
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can assist you with also?
No
You too
Hi. I recently placed an order online for a new modem and while I was at work today I received a notice the modem was delivered and left at my door. I remember reading in the email it required a signature when delivering it.
Hi.
I recently placed an order online for a new modem and while I was at work today I received a notice the modem was delivered and left at my door.
I remember reading in the email it required a signature when delivering it.
My package is now missing
Could you please help
Hey Christina, I will be able to help you.
Thanks
Could you just verify that there is no notice anywhere in the building or premise left for you?
Yes none
I even called them to verify they aren't going to re deliver or they had it still
OK, Could you please specify your address? So that I can verify that against the system?
OK, Could you please specify your address?
So that I can verify that against the system?
1332 merrygo lane. Dublin Nebraska 32553
1332 merrygo lane.
Dublin Nebraska 32553
That matches the system.
Okay
What I need to do is create a ticket for this to be investigated further
Okay thank you
How long do you think this will take to be resolved?
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours.
If we are unable to resolve this, we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
Okay great thank you
Your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with further?
Your ticket has been created.
Is there anything else I can assist you with further?
No thank you
In that case, have a great day further.
I recently placed an order for a new modem and I had received delivery notification, but when I got home it wasn't there. Can you assist me?
I recently placed an order for a new modem and I had received delivery notification, but when I got home it wasn't there.
Can you assist me?
Hi Jeramey. Please confirm that there wasn't a note from the delivery service regarding the package
Hi Jeramey.
Please confirm that there wasn't a note from the delivery service regarding the package
There was no note.
Okay thank you. Please verify the address it was delivered to
Okay thank you.
Please verify the address it was delivered to
1181 cherry st. Vernonia, OR. 97064
1181 cherry st. Vernonia, OR.
97064
Let me research this. Please stand by.
Let me research this.
Please stand by.
Thank you
Unfortunately, the package was left at the door. I will open a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be investigated.
Unfortunately, the package was left at the door.
I will open a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be investigated.
Thank you very much
You'll receive an email within 24 hours. If you don't hear back by then please contact us
You'll receive an email within 24 hours.
If you don't hear back by then please contact us
Okay thank you
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you
Have a great day
I ordered an Internet modem online and while as I was at work today I received a notification saying that the package is delivered and left in front of my door. As I arrived home the package was missing and I looked online and saw that I explicitly said that you require a signature when delivering the package. I would like you to assist me
I ordered an Internet modem online and while as I was at work today I received a notification saying that the package is delivered and left in front of my door.
As I arrived home the package was missing and I looked online and saw that I explicitly said that you require a signature when delivering the package.
I would like you to assist me
Hi Somesh. I'm sorry that this happened. Please confirm that there was no note from the delivery service.
Hi Somesh.
I'm sorry that this happened.
Please confirm that there was no note from the delivery service.
Can u send me a replacement
I do see that unfortunately the package was left at the door. I will open a ticket for further investigation
I do see that unfortunately the package was left at the door.
I will open a ticket for further investigation
What should I do next ?
The investigation takes about 24 hours. You'll be notified by email. If you don't hear back by then, please reach back out to us.
The investigation takes about 24 hours.
You'll be notified by email.
If you don't hear back by then, please reach back out to us.
Ok
I will wait till then
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Have a great day
I am unable to consistently connect to the internet
Hello?
Buzz!
Hye Kimber, let me try and assit you with this.
I have pulled your information up on the system.
When did this internet connection problem begin?
Hey Kimber?
Hey
Just yesterday
I've been riding with my BF in his semi truck. Do u think it's related to my varying location?
I've been riding with my BF in his semi truck.
Do u think it's related to my varying location?
It could be realted to that. Let me look
It could be realted to that.
Let me look
Sorry I mean, I believe it could be related to that.
Looking on the system it seems your device is syncing up with the system.
Sure no problem
With a relatively good ping.
Good
We were in OK yesterday when I was having an issue...
What  can do is try and resetting the setting and see if this will help. One moment
What  can do is try and resetting the setting and see if this will help.
One moment
Ik
Ok
You will lose internet connection for a few seconds.
Let me know when you connected again and are able to test the connection
Ok
Is the connection string?
It seem the connect strenght has increased from our end
Strong
Great. Well thank u for testing that for me!
Great.
Well thank u for testing that for me!
No problem, I believe your internet should be more stable now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Not at this time. TY again.
Not at this time.
TY again.
My internet has been extremely slow for about the past week. I'm unable to stream anything and the slow speed is making my service unusable. How can I fix this?
My internet has been extremely slow for about the past week.
I'm unable to stream anything and the slow speed is making my service unusable.
How can I fix this?
Hey George, le me looking into this with you.
Ok
Have you tried restarting your modem?
I did a few times and it has not helped.
OK let me pull your routeres settings up
Ok
OK I see there are curretnly 10 active users on your modem?
No there should only be 2
It seems your modem must have been insecure and people have access to it. When last did you change you wifi password?
It seems your modem must have been insecure and people have access to it.
When last did you change you wifi password?
About a year ago
What I would recomend you do is change you password. Looking at the details, you are recieving proper internet speeds, you just providing that to alot of different devices.
What I would recomend you do is change you password.
Looking at the details, you are recieving proper internet speeds, you just providing that to alot of different devices.
Ok thanks. I will change the password.
Ok thanks.
I will change the password.
Would you like me to wait while you do this?
Yea give me one minute, I'm almost done
Ok it seems to be faster now
That is really nice to hear. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is really nice to hear.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That should be all. Thanks.
That should be all.
Thanks.
In that case, have a great day further.
And happy streaming.
Thanks. You too
Thanks.
You too
I've had slow internet for the last week... I can't even stream anything now. I need to see why and get it fixed
I've had slow internet for the last week...
I can't even stream anything now.
I need to see why and get it fixed
Hello Tom. When did the speed problem begin?
Hello Tom.
When did the speed problem begin?
A week ago
When was the last time you changed your password?
Over a month ago
I'm pulling the status from your router.
Ok...
I see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem.
That's impossible... Someone must be using the modem too... What do you suggest
That's impossible...
Someone must be using the modem too... What do you suggest
I suggest, you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Ok will do that thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all ty
have a great day
My internet is going slow! It started about a week ago. I can't stream anything! Please fix!!!
My internet is going slow!
It started about a week ago.
I can't stream anything!
Please fix!!
!
Hey Mary, I will try assist you with this.
Have you tried restarting the modem?
Thanks!
Yes!
Several times.
OK What I will need to do is pull up your modem setting. One moment while I do this.
OK What I will need to do is pull up your modem setting.
One moment while I do this.
Ok
It seems looking at your modem, you have curretnly 10 devices using your modem? Are you aware of this?
It seems looking at your modem, you have curretnly 10 devices using your modem?
Are you aware of this?
No!
It seems your modem must have been insecure and people have access to it. When last did you change you wifi password?
It seems your modem must have been insecure and people have access to it.
When last did you change you wifi password?
6 months ago
Seems your neighbors are really good and guess your password. What I would recomend is you change your password on your router.
Seems your neighbors are really good and guess your password.
What I would recomend is you change your password on your router.
Ok I will do that!
Would you like me to wait while you do this?
Sure
Ask if you need any assistance
Done!
How is the internet speed looking now?
Great!
That is really good news. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is really good news.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thank you!
No.
Thank you!
In that case, have a great day further.
My internet has been very slow for a week and I can barely stream anything. Please assist
My internet has been very slow for a week and I can barely stream anything.
Please assist
Hi Jeramey, I can help you. It's been slow for a week? When was the last time you changed your password?
Hi Jeramey, I can help you.
It's been slow for a week?
When was the last time you changed your password?
Yesterday
Okay, give me a moment, I'm pulling the status from your router.
Okay thank you
I see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem
Is that a problem?
Not necessarily, but if you haven't given  your password to anyone, I suggest you change it and reconnect all devices
Okay I will change it again
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Good.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
Have a great day
I like to report an issue with my internet speed which is very low now a days and it is even impossible to stream anything. I would like you to assist me.
I like to report an issue with my internet speed which is very low now a days and it is even impossible to stream anything.
I would like you to assist me.
I'm happy to help you. When did you begin to see it slow down?
I'm happy to help you.
When did you begin to see it slow down?
A week ago
When was the last time you changed your password?
I think 1 week ago
Sorry for the delay. I see that you have 10 users associated with your modem
Sorry for the delay.
I see that you have 10 users associated with your modem
Ok what should I do ?
I suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Okay I will try doing that
Thank you
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Good.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Okay, have a great day.
Hi I have had an issue with my internet for over a week now I can't stream anything or it just works so slow could you help me fix this issue please?
I am happy to help. When was the last time you changed your password?
I am happy to help.
When was the last time you changed your password?
Last month
Okay, I see that there are currently 10 active users on this modem.
How is that possible it is only me in my home? Is there a way to fix this?
How is that possible it is only me in my home?
Is there a way to fix this?
Well, I suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Okay I'll try that
I'll contact you again if it still doesn't work after that.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope thank you
Okay, have a great day
Hi, I ordered a new cable modem and got an email it was delivered and left on my doorstep
Just got home and it's not there
Neighbors didn't see anything
Okay, thank you Jack. I can help you.
Okay, thank you Jack.
I can help you.
Delivery instr say signature required too
Just want to get my modem really
I understand. I will log a ticket and will have the problem investigated. You should receive a response in about 24 hours.
I understand.
I will log a ticket and will have the problem investigated.
You should receive a response in about 24 hours.
OK
If you don't hear back, please contact us again
I will definitely
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
I'll look for that notice
From you
Thanks
okay. Have a great day.
okay.
Have a great day.
I think something is wrong with my internet connection
Noticed slowdown a few weeks ago
Days I mean
Hi Jack. I can help you with this.
Hi Jack.
I can help you with this.
Now so slow can't even stream lo if video
When was the last time you changed your password?
Maybe two months ago?
Okay, I'm going to pull the status information from the router. Stand by
Okay, I'm going to pull the status information from the router.
Stand by
Thanks
I see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem
Really?
Should just be my wife and I
Two users
I can change password and security settings
Yes, that's the best thing to do and then reconnect all devices
Ok I'll do that and then message back if it doesn't fix it
That should fix your speed problem, but do message back if it doesn't work and we'll send a technician. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should fix your speed problem, but do message back if it doesn't work and we'll send a technician.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks for checking that
No problem. Have a great day.
No problem.
Have a great day.
Hello. I have a problem with trying to locate an Aldis nearby my location.
Hello.
I have a problem with trying to locate an Aldis nearby my location.
Can u help me find an aldi?
Hey Kimber? This is Werner. Do not worry about not specifying your cellphone number. I was able to verify your conversations
Hey Kimber?
This is Werner.
Do not worry about not specifying your cellphone number.
I was able to verify your conversations
regarding your question, what is an Aldis?
Ok great!
Aldi is a wholesale grocer
Hey Werner. Sorry about not using the cell number :(
Hey Werner.
Sorry about not using the cell number :(
Hey Kimber, no problem.
:)
I'd also like to find a Walmart near my location
One moment please, If you read the HIT, you will see there are pre-specified problem sets
mind sticking to those?
Oh. Did not see an option to choose a pre-specified problem :/
Oh.
Did not see an option to choose a pre-specified problem :/
Well we have had one conversation. What I will do is end the conversation. Then you can just begin from problem 2 onwards
Well we have had one conversation.
What I will do is end the conversation.
Then you can just begin from problem 2 onwards
But we can discuss those problems. Just start with the 1st problem in the list & we'll work our way down the list..1, 2, 3. If that's ok.
But we can discuss those problems.
Just start with the 1st problem in the list & we'll work our way down the list..1, 2, 3.
If that's ok.
Ok. I'm not sure what problem 2 is though :/
Ok.
I'm not sure what problem 2 is though :/
Problem 1:  You are trying to log into your online account to pay your electricity bill. After attempting to log into your account three times the system has locked you out. You are unable to get it unlocked. Contact ACME and ask for assistance in getting access to your account.  Problem 2:  You recently placed an online order for a new internet modem. Earlier today, while you were at work, you received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of your door. Upon arriving home, your package is missing. You have looked online and saw you explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package. Contact ACME and see if they are able to help.  Problem 3:  Your internet speed is really slow!! The slow internet speed problem began like a week. It is so bad that you are unable to even stream anything.  Contact your internet service provider, ACME, to find out what is going on and if they can help you resolve this problem.
Problem 1:  You are trying to log into your online account to pay your electricity bill.
After attempting to log into your account three times the system has locked you out.
You are unable to get it unlocked.
Contact ACME and ask for assistance in getting access to your account.
Problem 2:  You recently placed an online order for a new internet modem.
Earlier today, while you were at work, you received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of your door.
Upon arriving home, your package is missing.
You have looked online and saw you explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package.
Contact ACME and see if they are able to help.
Problem 3:  Your internet speed is really slow!!
The slow internet speed problem began like a week.
It is so bad that you are unable to even stream anything.
Contact your internet service provider, ACME, to find out what is going on and if they can help you resolve this problem.
Great ok
I guess end this conversation & I'll pose the other questions :)
I be been locked out of my online account that allows me to pay my electric bill. I must have forgotten my password as I tried to enter it 3different times. Is this something u can help me with?
I be been locked out of my online account that allows me to pay my electric bill.
I must have forgotten my password as I tried to enter it 3different times.
Is this something u can help me with?
Hi Kimber, I'm happy to assist you. What is the username associated with the account?
Hi Kimber, I'm happy to assist you.
What is the username associated with the account?
KimberK
Thank you. To verify your identity, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address associated with the electric bill
Thank you.
To verify your identity, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address associated with the electric bill
Kimber klassen, 10/27/1980, malibu78321@yahoo.com
Thank  you. I have issued a password reset. You will receive an email with instructions to reset it shortly.
Thank  you.
I have issued a password reset.
You will receive an email with instructions to reset it shortly.
Great TY so much for your help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes
Hello, I just tried to log into my account online to try and pay my electricity bill but the system locked me out and I can not get in. Can you help with this problem?
Hello, I just tried to log into my account online to try and pay my electricity bill but the system locked me out and I can not get in.
Can you help with this problem?
Hi Kevin, I'm happy to help you with this. What's your username on this account?
Hi Kevin, I'm happy to help you with this.
What's your username on this account?
The username on the account is kevin454
Thank you. To verify your identity, please provide me with your full name, date of birth and email address.
Thank you.
To verify your identity, please provide me with your full name, date of birth and email address.
My full name is Kevin O'Connor, my birth date is 08/24/86 and my email address is kevingb4@gmail.com
Thank you. I have reset your account with a temporary password. You will receive instructions to reset it shortly.
Thank you.
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
You will receive instructions to reset it shortly.
Will I get those instructions sent to my email?
Yes, shortly. You can reset the password by using the link in the email. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, shortly.
You can reset the password by using the link in the email.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, thank you.
And no that is it, thanks
Thanks, have a great day.
I recently ordered a new modem to have delivered via mail. They mentioned they left the package at my doorstep but it is not there. There was a signature requirement but I was not home to sign for it. Can u help me in determining where my package is?
I recently ordered a new modem to have delivered via mail.
They mentioned they left the package at my doorstep but it is not there.
There was a signature requirement but I was not home to sign for it.
Can u help me in determining where my package is?
Hi Kimber, I'm happy to assist you with this.  Please verify that there was no note from the delivery service on your door.
Hi Kimber, I'm happy to assist you with this.
Please verify that there was no note from the delivery service on your door.
No there was no note
I received an email notification that the package had been delivered though
Okay. I apologize for that. Please verify the address it should have been delivered to
Okay.
I apologize for that.
Please verify the address it should have been delivered to
40 east chicago Ave, chicago, IL 60611
Okay, thank you. I do see that the package was delivered.
Okay, thank you.
I do see that the package was delivered.
I will open a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated.
Ok. Thank u so much for your help!
Ok.
Thank u so much for your help!
You're welcome. The investigation process takes about 24 hours. You'll receive an email with the results then. If you don't hear back, please reach back out to us
You're welcome.
The investigation process takes about 24 hours.
You'll receive an email with the results then.
If you don't hear back, please reach back out to us
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great
TY
Not at this time
Have a great day!
Thank you, you too.
Hello, I just recently purchased a modem online and I believe my package is missing because I received a notice saying that it was delivered and left near my door but I am confused because I thought I was supposed to sign for the package. Can you assist me with this problem?
Hello, I just recently purchased a modem online and I believe my package is missing because I received a notice saying that it was delivered and left near my door but I am confused because I thought I was supposed to sign for the package.
Can you assist me with this problem?
Yes Kevin, I'm happy to assist you. Please verify that there was no note from the delivery company on your door.
Yes Kevin, I'm happy to assist you.
Please verify that there was no note from the delivery company on your door.
There wasn't a note, I just received a notice in my email
Okay. Please verify the address it was supposed to go to.
Okay.
Please verify the address it was supposed to go to.
16815 Rudence Court, Charlotte, NC
Let me research this, I'll get back to you shortly.
Okay, thanks
I see that the package was unfortunately delivered to your address. I will log a ticket of inquiry.
I see that the package was unfortunately delivered to your address.
I will log a ticket of inquiry.
Okay. Do you want me to do anything? Should I get the police involved with this issue or no?
Okay.
Do you want me to do anything?
Should I get the police involved with this issue or no?
No, that shouldn't be necessary, The investigation will take about 24 hours. We will contact you then with further instructions. If you don't hear back please reach back out to us.
No, that shouldn't be necessary, The investigation will take about 24 hours.
We will contact you then with further instructions.
If you don't hear back please reach back out to us.
Okay, that sounds good. Thank you.
Okay, that sounds good.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks, that was all.
Thank you. Have a great rest of your day
Thank you.
Have a great rest of your day
I got snowed in at a resort and missed my flight. I couldn't notify the airline. I am in town now and want to notify the airline and find the next available flights please.
I got snowed in at a resort and missed my flight.
I couldn't notify the airline.
I am in town now and want to notify the airline and find the next available flights please.
Hello Dan, I'm happy to assist you with this. I'm sorry that you got snowed in. What was the flight you had originally planned to take?
Hello Dan, I'm happy to assist you with this.
I'm sorry that you got snowed in.
What was the flight you had originally planned to take?
It was flight 1313
I see that  you are a platinum member. Thank you. I see that you were supposed to fly out at 4pm. I have an available flight at 8pm tonight or 8am tomorrow morning.
I see that  you are a platinum member.
Thank you.
I see that you were supposed to fly out at 4pm.
I have an available flight at 8pm tonight or 8am tomorrow morning.
I would like the 8 pm. I want to get home ASAP!
I would like the 8 pm.
I want to get home ASAP!
No problem. And, since you are a Platinum member, there will be no additional charge for the flight change.
No problem.
And, since you are a Platinum member, there will be no additional charge for the flight change.
Ok great!
I've booked the ticket, please check your email and confirm that you received it.
Ok one sec
Yes it's there.
Great, have a safe flight home.
Thanks
You're welcome
I was snowed in at the springs resort in aspen and missed my flight. The phone system was also down because of the storm so I was unable to make arrangements until now. I wanted to see when the next available flight it.
I was snowed in at the springs resort in aspen and missed my flight.
The phone system was also down because of the storm so I was unable to make arrangements until now.
I wanted to see when the next available flight it.
Hello Emily. I'm sorry to hear you were snowed in. What was the time of your original flight and what was the flight number?
Hello Emily.
I'm sorry to hear you were snowed in.
What was the time of your original flight and what was the flight number?
3:30 flight 1165
Okay, thank you for that information. We have a flight going out tonight at 8pm or tomorrow morning at 8am.
Okay, thank you for that information.
We have a flight going out tonight at 8pm or tomorrow morning at 8am.
I would rather do 8am since I've already paid for my hotel for tonight.
Very good. And, I see that you're a platinum member, thank you. We will not charge you any additional fee.
Very good.
And, I see that you're a platinum member, thank you.
We will not charge you any additional fee.
Awesome. Thanks for your help!
Awesome.
Thanks for your help!
I've booked your flight, please confirm that you've received the email with your ticket information
Yes, I just got the email with my ticket info.
Great, have a safe flight.
Hi. I just got an invoice from a cellphone company for a contract I never even opened! I need to cancel this contract right away!
Hi.
I just got an invoice from a cellphone company for a contract I never even opened!
I need to cancel this contract right away!
Hello Dan. I can assist you with this.
Hello Dan.
I can assist you with this.
Ok thanks
What is the cell phone number on the contract?
123-321-4321
I just need to confirm that you or a member of  your family didn't agree to this contract
Yeah no one did!
For sure!
I have suspended that account and I
I've created a ticket for an investigation
Ok great thanks!
You will be contacted if more information is needed to complete the investigation
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope
Have a great rest of your day
Thanks
I got caught in that blizzard yesterday and missed my flight home
No power at resort
Couldn't even get a signal to call
Hi Bob, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What was the flight number and departure time?
Hi Bob, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What was the flight number and departure time?
My departure was supposed to be the 6:51am to Dulles this morning
I guess I want to know how soon I can get back
There are two flights available. 9am and 11am
There are two flights available.
9am and 11am
If I can get the first one
Would be great
No problem. And, I see that  you are a platinum member, so there will be no additional charged
No problem.
And, I see that  you are a platinum member, so there will be no additional charged
charge
That's great
I expected the worst
I just emailed you the ticket information, please confirm that you received it
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
You've been great!
Thanks
Thank you! Have a safe flight.
Thank you!
Have a safe flight.
Hello, my internet at my house has been excruciatingly slow for the past week. I am not able to do much online, and absolutely not able to stream any content. Can you help me with this problem?
Hello, my internet at my house has been excruciatingly slow for the past week.
I am not able to do much online, and absolutely not able to stream any content.
Can you help me with this problem?
When did the speed problem begin?
About a week ago.
Hello?
When was the last time you changed your password?
Probably about a month ago.
Sorry for the delay, I'm pulling the status information from your modem. Stand by
Sorry for the delay, I'm pulling the status information from your modem.
Stand by
It's okay. Thank you
It's okay.
Thank you
It appears that you currently have 10 active users on your account.
Does that mean I have 10 different connections that are using the modem?
That's correct. If you haven't authorized those, I suggest you update your password and reconnect your devices.
That's correct.
If you haven't authorized those, I suggest you update your password and reconnect your devices.
Are they using a lot of bandwidth? I only have 3 active connections that I am aware of
Are they using a lot of bandwidth?
I only have 3 active connections that I am aware of
Okay, I suggest that you change the password, contact the three authorized users and reconnect all the devices
Okay, I will do that. Thank you
Okay, I will do that.
Thank you
That should help your speed issues. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should help your speed issues.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is it. Thanks.
No, that is it.
Thanks.
Thank you. Have a great day
Thank you.
Have a great day
Thanks. You too.
Thanks.
You too.
I received a bill today for cell phone service that I never signed up for. I wish to find out how to cancel this.
I received a bill today for cell phone service that I never signed up for.
I wish to find out how to cancel this.
I will assist you with this problem. What's the cell number associated with this new contract?
I will assist you with this problem.
What's the cell number associated with this new contract?
514-637-6273
Please confirm that you or a family member didn't agree to this new contract
I didn't agree to this contract and no family members live with me or agreed to it.
I've started a ticket for an investigation and suspended the account.
Thanks. So I do not owe anything for this bill right?
Thanks.
So I do not owe anything for this bill right?
That's correct. You'll be notified with there's any further information needed.
That's correct.
You'll be notified with there's any further information needed.
Ok thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that is all
Thank you. Have a great rest of your day.
Thank you.
Have a great rest of your day.
Thanks. You too
Thanks.
You too
Hi. Think I need to talk to someone in accounts. Got a mailed invoice for a cell contract with you & I've never signed up for anything.
Hi.
Think I need to talk to someone in accounts.
Got a mailed invoice for a cell contract with you & I've never signed up for anything.
I need to get this resolved and cancelled please.
Hello Bob, I'm sorry to hear this. What's the cell number associated with the contract?
Hello Bob, I'm sorry to hear this.
What's the cell number associated with the contract?
The account number is 367988-12A
The record is SWPQM56112
It has my name but the phone number is 571 689 8234
OK let me look into account quickly.
Thanks
From the information I have infront of me I see it was a newly created account.
Just to verify before I suspend the account you are sure you did not open this account?
I never signed up
Not sure who did but I'm going have to check credit agencies now
See if my identitys been stolen
I am sorry for this sir. Let me resolve this problem. I will also notify the credit agencies of the mistake.
I am sorry for this sir.
Let me resolve this problem.
I will also notify the credit agencies of the mistake.
Thanks
I do appreciate your help
Please give me one moment while I suspend the account, for further investigation.
Ok the account has been suspended, I have also notify our fraud department. They will do a complete investigation and ensure you are not affected in anyway
Ok the account has been suspended, I have also notify our fraud department.
They will do a complete investigation and ensure you are not affected in anyway
Thanks
Appreciate you all looking into it
We take this matter very seriously.
One more thing, could you please just verify that we have not subtracted any amount from your account?
The system indicates that the payment will only be subtracted later, but I would just like to cover all bases.
Everything on the acct is my actual info except telephone number
My credit card ends in 6512
Ok, our system shows that we have not subtracted any amount from your account.
We'll that's good news then
Great. I am sorry for this confusion... The account is now suspended and I do not believe you would need to worry any further.
Great.
I am sorry for this confusion...
The account is now suspended and I do not believe you would need to worry any further.
Thanks for your help
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
It was a pleasure helping you. I hope you have a great day further.
It was a pleasure helping you.
I hope you have a great day further.
I ordered a bookshelf and when I tried to put it together I found that a shelf was missing. I need you to either send the shelf or replace the whole bookcase!!!
I ordered a bookshelf and when I tried to put it together I found that a shelf was missing.
I need you to either send the shelf or replace the whole bookcase!!
!
I'm happy to assist. I'm sorry that you didn't receive the shelf. Is it the Oak, 5 shelf bookshelf?
I'm happy to assist.
I'm sorry that you didn't receive the shelf.
Is it the Oak, 5 shelf bookshelf?
Yep
I'm happy to send the missing shelf to you overnight.
Ok thanks!
I'd also like to offer to send you the book of your choice to help fill the shelves.
Cool!
I want the Hunger Games Mockingjay!
Consider it done! Have a great rest of your day!
Consider it done!
Have a great rest of your day!
Wow thanks!
You're welcome.
I ordered a book shelf and when I was putting it together I realized I am missing a shelf. Can you send out the missing shelf?
I ordered a book shelf and when I was putting it together I realized I am missing a shelf.
Can you send out the missing shelf?
Hi Emily, I apologize that you are missing a shelf. Is it from the Oak 5 shelf bookshelf?
Hi Emily, I apologize that you are missing a shelf.
Is it from the Oak 5 shelf bookshelf?
Yes that's the one. I only received 4 shelves.
Yes that's the one.
I only received 4 shelves.
I'm happy to send you the missing shelf. I'll have it overnighted to you.
I'm happy to send you the missing shelf.
I'll have it overnighted to you.
Ok thanks. I appreciate it. I won't be charged right?
Ok thanks.
I appreciate it.
I won't be charged right?
No, absolutely not. In fact, I'd like to send you a book of your choice to help fill your new bookshelf
No, absolutely not.
In fact, I'd like to send you a book of your choice to help fill your new bookshelf
That would be awesome! I look forward to ordering more things from you.
That would be awesome!
I look forward to ordering more things from you.
Fantastic! Enjoy!
Fantastic!
Enjoy!
Hello i am trying to pay my bill but i got locked out of my account
I need you to help me regain acces
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's the user name associated with this account"
?
Coppox
Okay, in order to verify your account, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email address associated with the bill that you got locked out of.
José Coppola, 21/05/1985 and email is copo_x@hotmail.com
okay, thanks. I  have issued a reset for your password. You will receive an email shortly with instructions to reset it.
okay, thanks.
I  have issued a reset for your password.
You will receive an email shortly with instructions to reset it.
I just received
That was fast
I'm glad we could resolve the issue quickly.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats it
Thank you for your time
Have a great rest of your evening.
Hi! We ordered the Five Shelf Living Room Bookshelf in the dark wood color.
Hi!
We ordered the Five Shelf Living Room Bookshelf in the dark wood color.
Just put it together and it's missing a shelf!
We either need a part replacement or we have to get a new one sent
I'm sorry to hear that you were missing a shelf. Thanks for the details on the furniture
I'm sorry to hear that you were missing a shelf.
Thanks for the details on the furniture
The diagram says the part is ST-5210
I'm happy to send out the missing shelf and have it overnighted to you.
Oh great!
Was hoping you could do that
Don't want to take it apart and box it up
Would much rather just get a new shelf
Yes, in fact, I'd also like to send you a copy of your favorite novel to help fill the shelves of your new bookshelf
That would be awesome
Thanks so much
What book?
Would love a copy of Freakonimics
On its way! Enjoy!
On its way!
Enjoy!
Thanks!
Hello, i ordered a modem online and it was delivered today. The package was left but i just got home and i could not Find it
Hello, i ordered a modem online and it was delivered today.
The package was left but i just got home and i could not Find it
I know that a signature is required.
I did not sign it
I'm happy to assist you. I'm sorry for this confusion. Please confirm that there was no note on the door from the delivery company
I'm happy to assist you.
I'm sorry for this confusion.
Please confirm that there was no note on the door from the delivery company
There was no note
Okay please confirm that address that it should have been sent to
My address is 2505 sw blake ave Apt 3
I've researched my system and it does seem to have been delivered.
Yes i saw that oblibe
It had a signature?
I will open a ticket for an investigation. It usually takes 24 hours to investigate this type of issue. If you don't hear back, please reach out to us.
I will open a ticket for an investigation.
It usually takes 24 hours to investigate this type of issue.
If you don't hear back, please reach out to us.
Ok
I Will
I apologize for this issue. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I apologize for this issue.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats all
Have a good day
Thank you, you too.
Hello i have a problem with my internet conectivo. It is really slow. The problem began a week ago
Hello i have a problem with my internet conectivo.
It is really slow.
The problem began a week ago
Can you help me investigate whats going on?
Certainly, I'm happy to help you with this problem.
When did the speed problem begin?
A week ago
Okay, when was the last time you changed your password?
O ver a month
Over
Oh. pulled the status information from your modem and I see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem.
Oh.
pulled the status information from your modem and I see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem.
It should be just me
Then I suggest that you change your password and then reconnect all your devices.
I Will change my password today
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats it
Have a great day
I was snowed in and missed my return flight. There were no phones at the resort and I couldn't contact the airline. Please assist me
I was snowed in and missed my return flight.
There were no phones at the resort and I couldn't contact the airline.
Please assist me
Hey Jeramey, I am sorry to hear about that.
Let me assist you with getting you a new flight.
Thank you
What was the flight number which you were booked on?
112
Ok Jeramey. I have located your ticket.
Ok Jeramey.
I have located your ticket.
Thank you
I have also noticed that you are a platinum frequent flyer
Yes I am
In cases where unforeseen circumstances causes you to miss a flight, it is our policy to help you return home free of charge..
Thank you very much
I have two flights available for you. One 7pm and the other one at 9pm. Which would you prefer?
I have two flights available for you.
One 7pm and the other one at 9pm.
Which would you prefer?
7 pm please
I see you seating preferences are window seats? So I can book 2A if you want?
I see you seating preferences are window seats?
So I can book 2A if you want?
Yes please
Great you have been booked. You should be receiving an email soon regarding the details.
Great you have been booked.
You should be receiving an email soon regarding the details.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you
In that case, have a great day further.
I went to a resort in holidays but due to snowing I missed my flight to home and would like to know when the next flight will take off
Hey Somesh, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Hey Somesh, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could I first get the flight you were suppose to be on?
I think I have missed it so there is no point knowing about that
Can you find me the next one
Could you please specify to which destination you wish to fly?
New york
OK, I have two flights available. One 7pm and the other one 9pm.
OK, I have two flights available.
One 7pm and the other one 9pm.
Okay thank you very much
Could I assist you with booking one of these flights?
No but thank you I will do the next from here
In that case, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all
I hope you have a pleasant day further.
I just opened my mailbox and found a cellphone contract from an unknown provider. Can you assist me?
I just opened my mailbox and found a cellphone contract from an unknown provider.
Can you assist me?
Hey Jeramy, I will assist you with this. Could you please give me the cellphone number on that contract?
Hey Jeramy, I will assist you with this.
Could you please give me the cellphone number on that contract?
5039642844
Pulling up the information, one moment please
Thank you
OK I see it is a new account which was opened in your name.  However you mentioned you have no recognition of this?
OK I see it is a new account which was opened in your name.
However you mentioned you have no recognition of this?
No I do not
OK in that case what I will do is suspend the account immediately and open an investigation regarding this  matter.
I do apologize for this.
Thank you
OK the account is suspended. During this investigation the department will also clear any credit related aspect.
OK the account is suspended.
During this investigation the department will also clear any credit related aspect.
Thank you very much
It is our pleasure, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you
I hope you have a pleasent day further.
You too
I would like to report an issue, I found an unexpected invoice for a contract in my mail box today from cellphone provider which I have never open. I would like you to assist me on this
I would like to report an issue, I found an unexpected invoice for a contract in my mail box today from cellphone provider which I have never open.
I would like you to assist me on this
Hey Somesh. Let me me assist you with resolving this.
Hey Somesh.
Let me me assist you with resolving this.
Could you please specify the cellphone number on the invoice?
8765674567
I would like to cancel the contract
OK one moment while I run this thought the system.
OK I see it is an account and it was opened in your name. From my understanding you have no recognition of this?
OK I see it is an account and it was opened in your name.
From my understanding you have no recognition of this?
No
In that case, I will be suspending the account immediately.
Thank you very much
I will also open an investigation into the mater which the fraud department will be handling. They will make sure that this does not affect your credit or anything personally.
I will also open an investigation into the mater which the fraud department will be handling.
They will make sure that this does not affect your credit or anything personally.
Yes that will be good
Great, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all
Have a great day further.
I just ordered a bookshelf and have realized that there is a shelf missing. Can you send me the extra shelf?
I just ordered a bookshelf and have realized that there is a shelf missing.
Can you send me the extra shelf?
Hey Jeramay, Sure let me quickly just look which shelf you ordered...
The black shelf
OK on the system it says it is the zw1234 black bookshelf. I see all the shelves are the same size.
OK on the system it says it is the zw1234 black bookshelf.
I see all the shelves are the same size.
I will happy to ship you a new shelf.
One moment while I process this for you.
Thank you
As we are so passionate about book, we would like to include a free book of your choice with this shelf replacement.
Is there a specific book you would like?
Thank you very much!
Romance please
In that case we will be sure to send you a great romance with your missing shelf. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
In that case we will be sure to send you a great romance with your missing shelf.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you
I hope you have a great day further.
Enjoy reading your books.
Thank you
I have ordered a bookshelf from an online retailer and when I tried to assemble it I realised that there is a shelf missing. I would like you to send the missing shelf or pick up the bookshelf which I have and replace it.
I have ordered a bookshelf from an online retailer and when I tried to assemble it I realised that there is a shelf missing.
I would like you to send the missing shelf or pick up the bookshelf which I have and replace it.
Hey Somesh, give me one moment while I look which bookshelf you ordered.
I see it is the oak five shelf deluxe?
Yes
Seeing that all shelves are the the same size, we will gladly send you a new shelf.
Additionally because we care about our customers and fellow book lovers, we would like to ship a free book of your choice.
Which book would you like?
Do you have "Marley and me" ?
We do indeed.
Okay so I would like to have that
I will be sure to ship that with your missing shelf. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will be sure to ship that with your missing shelf.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all
In that case I hope you have a great day further and enjoy your copy of "Marley and me"...
I can't get my internet to work
Sorry to hear that, I'll help you fix it
Great, thanks!
Blah blah
Hey Werner
What are you saying?
I am saying that I wonder if it updates
And now?
And now?
blah
jip
Test
hello, I am having problems with my internet
okay I can help
Hi. I just moved and need to get internet installed at my new place
Hi.
I just moved and need to get internet installed at my new place
New address is also my new billing
Good morning Jack.
Need to update that too
Morning
I can help you. Please tell me your full address with apt. number if applicable
I can help you.
Please tell me your full address with apt.
number if applicable
1904 Washtenaw
Chicago IL 62202
Okay great. Let me see if your address is serviceable
Okay great.
Let me see if your address is serviceable
Thanks
It is. The first available appointment is March 6th. Does that work for  you?
It is.
The first available appointment is March 6th.
Does that work for  you?
I can work from home that day
So yes lets do that
Great. I will have someone there between 9a  and noon.
Great.
I will have someone there between 9a  and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
I'll be here
Thank you. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Hi. Something's screwed up with our cable
Hi.
Something's screwed up with our cable
Don't seem to have any channels
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you. Did this problem just start happening?
Good morning.
I'm happy to assist you.
Did this problem just start happening?
For a second it was half the channels but now they're all gone
Okay, if you haven't already tried restarting the system, please do so now and let me know if that works. If not, I will have a technician come to service the issue
Okay, if you haven't already tried restarting the system, please do so now and let me know if that works.
If not, I will have a technician come to service the issue
Waiting for it to reboot
Huh
Looks like they're all back!
Not sure what happened
Fantastic. It's nice when it's an easy fix. Sometimes there's a surge in the system.
Fantastic.
It's nice when it's an easy fix.
Sometimes there's a surge in the system.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks for the help
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Need some help. Bought two tickets for the Wilco show at the Vic in March
Need some help.
Bought two tickets for the Wilco show at the Vic in March
But it looks like it charged twice
I'm sorry you had this issue. I'm happy to assist. What's the name of the person who purchased the tickets?
I'm sorry you had this issue.
I'm happy to assist.
What's the name of the person who purchased the tickets?
I used your online service looks like both charges hit within minutes
Just needed two
Tickets I mean
Is it under your name?
Yes jack horn
Okay, let me look it up in the system.
Cc # ends in 5127
Great thanks for that information.
I can see the double charge.
I will credit the extra charge back to your credit card. You should see the credit within two days.
I will credit the extra charge back to your credit card.
You should see the credit within two days.
Thanks
Appreciate it
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hi we're in a spot. That blizzard last night snowed us in at Vail. Just got into Denver and totally missed our flight back to Chicago
Hi we're in a spot.
That blizzard last night snowed us in at Vail.
Just got into Denver and totally missed our flight back to Chicago
Couldn't get a cell signal to call before this
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
Can we get on another?
What was the flight number and time of departure?
It was United 742 leaving at 7:12 for OHare
Thank you for that information. I can get you on a flight at 3p this afternoon or 8p this evening.
Thank you for that information.
I can get you on a flight at 3p this afternoon or 8p this evening.
Are you still there?
Were pretty flexible abt return can even fly in to Midway if that helps
No, we can get you into O'Hare, would you like 3p this afternoon, or 8p?
Hello?
Can you see my responses?
Hello
I recently moved and I need to get in touch with my internet provider so that I can tell them about my residential update.
Okay. I am happy to assist you.
Okay.
I am happy to assist you.
Please tell me your full address
I also need to place an order for a new installation because my new address does not have the required cabling.
I live at 1789 west montesino drive, Bakersfield California, apartment 12
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
Ok
Yes you are. The first available appointment is March 6th does that work?
Yes you are.
The first available appointment is March 6th does that work?
Is it possible for sooner?
I just got something opened for this evening between 6p and 9p does that work ?
Did you see my note that we have something available for tonight?
Ok the 6th will be fine
Hello?
Ok that will be fine
Yes, that will work
Okay, you are confirmed for this evening. Is there anything else I can help  you with today?
Okay, you are confirmed for this evening.
Is there anything else I can help  you with today?
No thank you
Have a great day.
U too
Thanks
Hi! I have moved and I need to schedule a new install and update my address.
Hi!
I have moved and I need to schedule a new install and update my address.
Good morning, I can assist you. Please tell me your new address.
Good morning, I can assist you.
Please tell me your new address.
Sure
354 Wayne street #6 Bellevue WA 96546
Is there an apartment number?
#6
Okay. let me confirm that your in a serviceable area.
Okay.
let me confirm that your in a serviceable area.
Ok
Yes, we can have someone to you on March 6th does that work?
Yes that works!
Great. Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon
Great.
Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon
Yes I will be there
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with todayh?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with todayh?
Nope thanks!
Have a great day. Thank you.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Thanks
You're welcome.
Hi I think we got cut off
You were helping us with a new flight out of Denver to Chicago?
Hi Jack. I'm sorry, We have a 3p today or 8p this evening.
Hi Jack.
I'm sorry, We have a 3p today or 8p this evening.
No probs
It was flight united 754 to Chicago at 7:12 am
Okay, which time works for you? 3p or 8p? Did you see my previous note?
Okay, which time works for you?
3p or 8p?
Did you see my previous note?
3pm
Earlier the better!
Okay, great. I see that your a Gold member so there is not extra charge. Please check your email to confirm receipt of your ticket information
Okay, great.
I see that your a Gold member so there is not extra charge.
Please check your email to confirm receipt of your ticket information
Awesome
That's great
You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks
Have a great day.
None of my cable channels are working! What is wrong????
None of my cable channels are working!
What is wrong???
?
Good morning. I am happy to help. Please tell me when you started seeing that problem
Good morning.
I am happy to help.
Please tell me when you started seeing that problem
This morning.
If you haven't already tried it, please restart your system and let me know if that helps.
I tried that!
Okay, I'm checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area, please stand by.
Ok
There is a reported problem in your area. They are working to resolve this issue and you should be back up and running within the hour.
There is a reported problem in your area.
They are working to resolve this issue and you should be back up and running within the hour.
Oh good!
Thanks!!
Thanks!
!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks and have a great day?
day.
None of my cable tv channels are working and I want to know why.
Good Morning Mary. I can help you with this. If you haven't already tried this, please restart your system and let me know if that help.s.
Good Morning Mary.
I can help you with this.
If you haven't already tried this, please restart your system and let me know if that help.s.
Ok i restarted it, and now it is rebooting the system.
Great, Let me know if that works.
It has completely rebooted. I logged into my service and it is working.
It has completely rebooted.
I logged into my service and it is working.
I'm glad to hear that. It's nice when it's an easy fix. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm glad to hear that.
It's nice when it's an easy fix.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you :)
Thank you and have a great day.
I purchased tickets for a live performance and I saw that I was charged twice. I need a refund for one of them please!
I purchased tickets for a live performance and I saw that I was charged twice.
I need a refund for one of them please!
Of course, I can assist. I'm sorry you had that problem. What's the name of purchaser and which even was it for?
Of course, I can assist.
I'm sorry you had that problem.
What's the name of purchaser and which even was it for?
Chris Jones is the name of the purchaser and it was for Lady Gaga.
Okay, let me retrieve the information. Standbyh
Okay, let me retrieve the information.
Standbyh
Ok
I see the double billing and have issued you a credit. You should see the refund in about two day.
I see the double billing and have issued you a credit.
You should see the refund in about two day.
Ok awesome!
Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thanks!
Have a great day.
I recently purchased tickets to see a live performance of the black eyes peas and when I checked my checking account, I was charged twice. I would like a complete full refund.
I recently purchased tickets to see a live performance of the black eyes peas and when I checked my checking account, I was charged twice.
I would like a complete full refund.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. What's the name of the purchaser and the date of the event?
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue.
What's the name of the purchaser and the date of the event?
Sammy and it was on the 10 th of February
Okay great, let me find the information. Standbhy
Okay great, let me find the information.
Standbhy
All right
standby
Ok
Is see the issue and have credited your account. You should see it hit  your account within two days.
Is see the issue and have credited your account.
You should see it hit  your account within two days.
Thank u sooo much!
No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No problem.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
U too
Thanks!
Hi. We bought a table from your online store.  Should've been the black dining room table
Hi.
We bought a table from your online store.
Should've been the black dining room table
Delivery guy just delivered a white table
Good morning Bob. I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
Good morning Bob.
I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
I can assist you with this
Thanks
The white one is nice but doesn't match
Okay. I'm sorry.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Please confirm the delivery address on the package and let me know what that was
5454 Madison St S
Arlington VA
21045
I found your table, I apologize for the confusion. I can have it delivered to you first thing tomorrow morning. Does that work for you?
I found your table, I apologize for the confusion.
I can have it delivered to you first thing tomorrow morning.
Does that work for you?
Yes that's great
Someone will be here to sign for it
Fantastic. They will also pick up the white table. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Fantastic.
They will also pick up the white table.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Appreciate the help
Have a great day.
I was snowed in at a resort that had no means of communication and I missed my flight. I was wondering when the next flight to New Zealand is?
I was snowed in at a resort that had no means of communication and I missed my flight.
I was wondering when the next flight to New Zealand is?
I'm sorry to hear you got snowed in. I can assist you. What was the flight number and name of one of the passengers?
I'm sorry to hear you got snowed in.
I can assist you.
What was the flight number and name of one of the passengers?
13
And Janet
Okay, let me look up your information.
Ok
I have see that we have two flights going out today. One is at 4pm and the other is 8pm. Do either of those work for you?
I have see that we have two flights going out today.
One is at 4pm and the other is 8pm.
Do either of those work for you?
I'll take the 8 pm, and thank u. How much will it be?
I'll take the 8 pm, and thank u.
How much will it be?
I see that you are a Gold Member. So there is no additional charge.
I see that you are a Gold Member.
So there is no additional charge.
Thank you so much!
No problem. I have emailed you the ticket information. Please let me know that you received it.
No problem.
I have emailed you the ticket information.
Please let me know that you received it.
I just got it
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day and a safe flight.
You're welcome.
Have a great day and a safe flight.
Hi. Hope you can help. I just lost cell service. Can still use wi fi but can't call out
Hi.
Hope you can help.
I just lost cell service.
Can still use wi fi but can't call out
I'm on support call today.  Really need phone up and working
I'm on support call today.
Really need phone up and working
I can assist you with this. Please tell me your cell phone number.
I can assist you with this.
Please tell me your cell phone number.
I will try and resolve it as quickly as possible.
Phone is 703 724 6304
I looked up your account and unfortunately, the bank declined the payment
Fastest way I can resolve this?
Or best way I guess
I would like to rebill it to the account on file. Will that be okay?
I would like to rebill it to the account on file.
Will that be okay?
Yeah that's fine
It will go through
Okay great. I have rebilled it and it went through fine.
Okay great.
I have rebilled it and it went through fine.
Your phone should be active again in the next 10 minutes.
Thanks
Appreciate the assist today
No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
Thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
A bought a new table from you guys but you sent the wrong one! I need you to send the correct table!!!
A bought a new table from you guys but you sent the wrong one!
I need you to send the correct table!!
!
I'm sorry that you had this issue. I can help you with this.
I'm sorry that you had this issue.
I can help you with this.
Ok
Please confirm the address on the label and let me know which one you received in error.
4357 flower street Biloxi MS 78943.
Okay, what's your order number?
I received a round glass table
Order # 467732
Okay, let me retrieve your order information, Stand by
Ok
I found your table. I can have it delivered in the morning. They will also pick up the other table. Does that work for you?
I found your table.
I can have it delivered in the morning.
They will also pick up the other table.
Does that work for you?
Yes!
Great. You're confirmed for tomorrow morning by 9am. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
You're confirmed for tomorrow morning by 9am.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hey, need some help! Our office has an ordering account with you we use almost every weekday. Just saw that someone hacked it over the weekend
Hey, need some help!
Our office has an ordering account with you we use almost every weekday.
Just saw that someone hacked it over the weekend
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. I can assist you.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem.
I can assist you.
What's the account number?
They ordered over $100 in food that looks like it was done from a public wifi in a coffee house
Acct is 6789123
Last time we ordered was Friday the 27th
At noon
Okay, let me pull up your account. I see the order. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy but let me talk to my supervisor.
Okay, let me pull up your account.
I see the order.
Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy but let me talk to my supervisor.
Thanks
You are a loyal customer, so I am authorized to credit your account the $100
Awesome
Our office loves your food
Thank you! Is there anything else I can help you with today"
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with today"
No
Really appreciate it
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
You too
I recently purchased a new dining table  and when it arrived it was the wrong table. What happened? I want the correct table.
I recently purchased a new dining table  and when it arrived it was the wrong table.
What happened?
I want the correct table.
I got it online
Good morning Anny. I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. What table did you receive and what's the address on the label?
Good morning Anny.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue.
What table did you receive and what's the address on the label?
It was the oak black table and the address is at 2664 marigold lane 23428
What's your order number?
2563377
Okay, Stand by. I'm looking into this.
Okay, Stand by.
I'm looking into this.
Ok
I found your table and can have it delivered first thing in the morning
Thank you so much. Will it cost me more?
Thank you so much.
Will it cost me more?
No. They will also pick up the table you have.
No.
They will also pick up the table you have.
And what happened to it in the first place?
It went to Marigold Ave instead of lane
Ok it's fine
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
Have a great day.
My cellphone service stopped working with no notice at all! Can you explain this???
My cellphone service stopped working with no notice at all!
Can you explain this??
?
I'm sorry to hear this. What is your cell number so I can research the issue.
I'm sorry to hear this.
What is your cell number so I can research the issue.
555-456-3257
I see that you made a payment but it was declined by the bank.
Oh! Can you try again please?
Oh!
Can you try again please?
Yes, I will rebill the payment to the account on file
Thanks!
The payment went through. You should have service in 10 minutes.
The payment went through.
You should have service in 10 minutes.
Great! Thanks!!!
Great!
Thanks!!
!
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No
You're welcome. Have a great day>
You're welcome.
Have a great day>
I bought a new dining room table online, however when I got it, its not what I ordered. I want you to send me what I ordered
I bought a new dining room table online, however when I got it, its not what I ordered.
I want you to send me what I ordered
Hi John I can assist you with this. Which table did you receive and what's the address on the delivery label?
Hi John I can assist you with this.
Which table did you receive and what's the address on the delivery label?
I received  the round beauty, address is 123 ABC drive, Speak English, In
Okay, what's your order number?
123abc
I found your table. It went to ABC Lane. I can have it delivered first thing in the morning. Does that work for  you?
I found your table.
It went to ABC Lane.
I can have it delivered first thing in the morning.
Does that work for  you?
Yes
Great. You're confirmed for delivery by 9am and they will pick up the other table as well.
Great.
You're confirmed for delivery by 9am and they will pick up the other table as well.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats is all
Hello
Have a great day. thank you
Have a great day.
thank you
You too
My cell phone provider just stopped working without prior notice
I'm sorry to hear that you have this issue. I can assist. What's the cell number?
I'm sorry to hear that you have this issue.
I can assist.
What's the cell number?
I have a lot of admin to sort out and I want to know what the problem is and how fact it can be resolved.
5415456023
I've pulled up your account and see that a payment was made on March 1st but it was declined by the bank.
Why?
I know I had enough money In the account so it should have gone through
I'm not sure what happened but I can rebill your account if that's okay
Yes it is , thank you
R I still there?
You*
Yes. I sent it through and it credited successfully. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.
I sent it through and it credited successfully.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
You're welcome.
I went away for the weekend and came back to find my account was hacked and the hacker bought $100 worth of stuff!
You need to fix this!
I will certainly help you. What's the account number?
I will certainly help you.
What's the account number?
76374267
I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Well what about what the hacker spent? Was that payment declined?
Well what about what the hacker spent?
Was that payment declined?
I"m sorry. I responded to you in error. I see the $100 charge and I
I"m sorry.
I responded to you in error.
I see the $100 charge and I
I've gotten the authorization to credit you account.
Oh great! Thank you!
Oh great!
Thank you!
I'm sorry for this issue. I suggest you change  your password. Is there anything else I can help you with
I'm sorry for this issue.
I suggest you change  your password.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Ok I will!
No that's it thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
My cellphone service dropped for no reason and no warning, ive got alot of work to do today, thankfully im on wifi
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. I can assist you. What's the cell number?
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue.
I can assist you.
What's the cell number?
2708365701
Okay, Standby while I review your account.
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Ok I'll remake
I can do that for you now if that's okay
Ok
It went through successfully. Your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
It went through successfully.
Your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
Ok thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Have a great day.
When I checked my mail there was an invoice from a cellphone company. I never even opened the contract! I need to cancel this!
When I checked my mail there was an invoice from a cellphone company.
I never even opened the contract!
I need to cancel this!
I can assist you with this. What's the cell number on that contract?
I can assist you with this.
What's the cell number on that contract?
364-8754-0853
Okay. Standby while I look at that account.
Okay.
Standby while I look at that account.
Ok
Please confirm that you or a member of your family did not open this account
Yes. No one did!
Yes.
No one did!
I have suspended the account  and created a ticket for an investigation
Ok thank you!
Someone will be in contact with you if they need more information. is there anything else I can help you with today?
Someone will be in contact with you if they need more information.
is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
I recently went away for the weekend and when I came back, I noticed that my online food ordering account was hacked!! I do not appreciate this and the hacker used more than 100 dollars. It was delivered to a coffee shop. I have been loyal customer and I want to know what will be done about this.
I recently went away for the weekend and when I came back, I noticed that my online food ordering account was hacked!!
I do not appreciate this and the hacker used more than 100 dollars.
It was delivered to a coffee shop.
I have been loyal customer and I want to know what will be done about this.
I'm very sorry that you had this issue. I can assist you. What's the account number?
I'm very sorry that you had this issue.
I can assist you.
What's the account number?
266368
I see the charge on your account. Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy but because you're a loyal customer I will see what I can do.
I see the charge on your account.
Unfortunately, the company has a no refund policy but because you're a loyal customer I will see what I can do.
Thank you
Have a great day.
You too
I went away recently for the weekend when i got back my online food ordering account was hacked
The hacker ordered over $100 of stuff and it was delivered to a local coffee shop
How could you let this happen, im pissed ive been ur customer for years
I'm so sorry to hear that this happened to you. I will be happy to assist you. What's your account number?
I'm so sorry to hear that this happened to you.
I will be happy to assist you.
What's your account number?
123abc
Okay. Please standby while I pull up your account.
Okay.
Please standby while I pull up your account.
I see the charge and I see that you are a very loyal customer. Let me speak to my supervisor because the company has a no refund policy.
I see the charge and I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Let me speak to my supervisor because the company has a no refund policy.
I've been authorized to credit your account the full  $100 and offer you a 20% discount on your next online order.
Ok that is great
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
I found an invoice in my mailbox from a cell hone provider and it was for a contract that I never opened.
What is going on? I want to cancel the service.
What is going on?
I want to cancel the service.
I'm sorry to hear that . Please tell me the cell number associated with that contract.
I'm sorry to hear that .
Please tell me the cell number associated with that contract.
15415456023
Okay, please standby while I look into this.
Ok
I see this account. Please confirm that your or a family member did not start this contract
I see this account.
Please confirm that your or a family member did not start this contract
No we didn't
Thank  you for confirming. I have suspended this account and will open a ticket for an investigation.
Thank  you for confirming.
I have suspended this account and will open a ticket for an investigation.
Thank you
You will be notified by email should they need any further information.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today
No thank you
Have a great day.
I just went and got my mail from the mailbox, i got a invoice from a cellphone provider for a contract that i never opened. I want this canceled now
I just went and got my mail from the mailbox, i got a invoice from a cellphone provider for a contract that i never opened.
I want this canceled now
I can assist you with this. What's the cell number associated with that contract?
I can assist you with this.
What's the cell number associated with that contract?
2708458964
Please stand by while I research this.
Please confirm that that you or a member of your family didn't authorize this contract.
No, we did not
Thanks for confirming. I have suspended this account and will open a ticket for an investigation
Thanks for confirming.
I have suspended this account and will open a ticket for an investigation
Ok
You will be notified by email if they need any further informatoin
information
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Okay. Have a great day.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Hello, I'm having issues logging in to pay my electric bill. I've seemed to be locked out.
Hello, I'm having issues logging in to pay my electric bill.
I've seemed to be locked out.
I'm sorry that you are having this issue. What's your username?
I'm sorry that you are having this issue.
What's your username?
Pdg347
Let me pull up your account. Stand by.
Let me pull up your account.
Stand by.
For verification, please provide your full name, ;date of birth and email
Bill smith. 4-17-83. Bill.smith@email.com
Bill smith.
4-17-83.
Bill.smith@email.com
Okay, I've reset your password. You will receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
Okay, I've reset your password.
You will receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
Thanks!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all
thanks have a great day
I am trying to get on my online account to pay my electric bill, i tried four times and the system locked me out. I cant get it unlocked please help
I am trying to get on my online account to pay my electric bill, i tried four times and the system locked me out.
I cant get it unlocked please help
I'm sorry you are having this issue. I can assist you. What's your username?
I'm sorry you are having this issue.
I can assist you.
What's your username?
Fhrd
Thanks. Let me pull up your account. Standby.
Thanks.
Let me pull up your account.
Standby.
I have reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive instructions to reset a new password. shortley.
I have reset your account with a temp password.
You'll receive instructions to reset a new password.
shortley.
Ok ty
Before I do this - please verify your date of birth and email address.
1/12/85. Nhsubw@usbhu.net
1/12/85.
Nhsubw@usbhu.net
Great. Thank you. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
?
No
Have a great day.
I was trying to pay my electric bill and I try to logon several times. And then I got locked out I need help accessing my account.
I was trying to pay my electric bill and I try to logon several times.
And then I got locked out I need help accessing my account.
I can assist you with this. What is your username.
I can assist you with this.
What is your username.
Daisy
Okay. For verification, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email
Okay.
For verification, please tell me your full name, date of birth and email
Nancy Ting, 12/15/82, ting@gsnail.com
Great. I have reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email  with instructions to reset shortly.
Great.
I have reset your account with a temp password.
You'll receive an email  with instructions to reset shortly.
Ok thanks!
Is there anything else I can help with today?
Nope
Have a great day.
My account is locked I need to pay electricity bills . I need your help please help me ou
My account is locked I need to pay electricity bills .
I need your help please help me ou
I"m sorry to hear that. What's the username on the account?
I"m sorry to hear that.
What's the username on the account?
nayeemshans
For verification please provide your email address and date of birth.
nayeemshans@gmail.com
18:05:1988
thank  you. I have reset  your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
thank  you.
I have reset  your account with a temp password.
You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
are you still there?
Ya thanks for your help I will check my email
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I have ordered Internet modem . It was about to deliver today . I was at work . Once I reached home I have not found my product
I have ordered Internet modem .
It was about to deliver today .
I was at work .
Once I reached home I have not found my product
My explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package
I'm so sorry that you had that issue. What's the order number"
I'm so sorry that you had that issue.
What's the order number"
04032014
You there . What's the status
You there .
What's the status
I see that it was delivered and left in error. I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as  soon as possible.
I see that it was delivered and left in error.
I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as  soon as possible.
Ok thanks
I have a issue with my internet it's dead slow I can't stream a video . What is the problem behind I need this to be solved right niw
I have a issue with my internet it's dead slow I can't stream a video .
What is the problem behind I need this to be solved right niw
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. Have you tried resetting the router?
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can assist you.
Have you tried resetting the router?
No I have not tried
Please do that and see if that helps.
I have just now done that
It probably didn't help. I see that you have 10 active users
It probably didn't help.
I see that you have 10 active users
Let me check
It's ok now speed has changed from earlier. It's better now
It's ok now speed has changed from earlier.
It's better now
I need one more help from u
I have ordered a book shelf
There is a shelf missing in it
I see that you have 10 users currently on your account. If they aren't authorized by you, you should change your password and reset your devices.
I see that you have 10 users currently on your account.
If they aren't authorized by you, you should change your password and reset your devices.
Ok
They are authorised by me
Okay. That may be slowing things down. I'll need to send a technician to see if there are any other issues
Okay.
That may be slowing things down.
I'll need to send a technician to see if there are any other issues
Ok
Is tomorrow between 9a and noon okay for the tech to come out.
Ok
I have ordered a book shelf . There is a shelf missing
I have ordered a book shelf .
There is a shelf missing
thanks have a great day.
Thanks
Hi I need help please. I have moved and I need to update my new address. I'm going to need someone to come install everything again and get me set up
Hi I need help please.
I have moved and I need to update my new address.
I'm going to need someone to come install everything again and get me set up
Please tell me your full address
are you still there?
Yeah sorry I got a phone call. Address is 3901 Arista Way, Oceanside CA 92058
Yeah sorry I got a phone call.
Address is 3901 Arista Way, Oceanside CA 92058
No problem. Let me see if you
No problem.
Let me see if you
are in a serviceable area.
are  you still there?
Yes
I'm sorry for the delay. I can have someone out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work?
I'm sorry for the delay.
I can have someone out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work?
Thank you but I have to work and it's too short notice to confirm - can I contact you again when I know a couple days and times that work?
Okay, how's the 7th?
I will have to check with my boss first, I can't say yes or no right this minute. Can I get in touch again tomorrow when I know more about my availability?
I will have to check with my boss first, I can't say yes or no right this minute.
Can I get in touch again tomorrow when I know more about my availability?
No problem. Get back when you can. Is there anything else I can assist you with
No problem.
Get back when you can.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Thank you, no that was I needed. Appreciate your help have a good day
Thank you, no that was I needed.
Appreciate your help have a good day
You too. thanks
You too.
thanks
I recently placed a order online for a new internet modem, at work today i got notice it was delivered and left in front of the door. When i got home it is nowhere to be found. I saw online that it clearly says signiture required.
I recently placed a order online for a new internet modem, at work today i got notice it was delivered and left in front of the door.
When i got home it is nowhere to be found.
I saw online that it clearly says signiture required.
I'm sorry to hear this. I can assist you. What's your order number  and delivery address?
I'm sorry to hear this.
I can assist you.
What's your order number  and delivery address?
1234. And 123 abc drive. Hegya, pa
1234.
And 123 abc drive.
Hegya, pa
Okay please stand by while I research this.
K
I see that it was delivered in error. I will open a ticket of inquiry and we will get this resolved as quickly as possible.
I see that it was delivered in error.
I will open a ticket of inquiry and we will get this resolved as quickly as possible.
Ok ty
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
okay. Have a great day.
okay.
Have a great day.
K
Bye
bye.
Hi I am trying to log in online and I attempted my log in too many times that I have been locked out. Could you help me access my account please?
Hi I am trying to log in online and I attempted my log in too many times that I have been locked out.
Could you help me access my account please?
I'm happy to assist. What's your username
I'm happy to assist.
What's your username
Summersnail7
For verification, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address.
Christina Alluna 6-7-1988 and summersnail22@scooby.com
Thanks you. I've reset your account with a temp password. You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
Thanks you.
I've reset your account with a temp password.
You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
Okay thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you
Have a great day.
Thanks
Hello. I recently ordered a new internet modem. I got a notification that said it was delivered and left at my door. The modem is nowhere to be found. I also had requested a signature be required on delivery, which I never signed.
Hello.
I recently ordered a new internet modem.
I got a notification that said it was delivered and left at my door.
The modem is nowhere to be found.
I also had requested a signature be required on delivery, which I never signed.
I'm sorry to hear this. I can assist you. What's the order number and delivery address.
I'm sorry to hear this.
I can assist you.
What's the order number and delivery address.
Order #1256 address 320 peach dr, shreveport LA 71101.
Please confirm that you didn't see a note from the delivery person on your door.
No
Okay let me research this issue. Please stand by
Okay let me research this issue.
Please stand by
I see that it was delivered in error. I apologize. I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
I see that it was delivered in error.
I apologize.
I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
Thank you
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with todayh?
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist you with todayh?
That is all
Okay, have a great day.
I ordered a modem and today I got a notice that the package was delivered. It was gone when I got home! It was supposed to require a signature! Please help!
I ordered a modem and today I got a notice that the package was delivered.
It was gone when I got home!
It was supposed to require a signature!
Please help!
Help please!!!!
Help please!!!
!
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue I can assist you. What's the order number and delivery address.
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue I can assist you.
What's the order number and delivery address.
3578 beck road los Lunas NM 87031
I see that in fact it was delivered in error. I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
I see that in fact it was delivered in error.
I will open a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
Ok thanks!
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope
have a great day
Thanks!
My internet is super slow! Started a week ago!  Please fix!
My internet is super slow!
Started a week ago!
Please fix!
Hi. Just trying to pay my electric bill and the system locked me out of my acct
Hi.
Just trying to pay my electric bill and the system locked me out of my acct
Couldn't remember password
Acct name is bwatson65
Acct number is 36912151821
Hey Bob, I am sorry for the wait. Let me help you with this
Hey Bob, I am sorry for the wait.
Let me help you with this
thank you for all the information.
Let me pull up the records.
I just need to verify that I am actually speaking to the right person. Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
I just need to verify that I am actually speaking to the right person.
Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
I recently made an order online for a modem that was supposed to require a signature and instead it was just dropped off at my door and now it is missing. Please help me figure this out. I even received the email confirmation of its delivery.
I recently made an order online for a modem that was supposed to require a signature and instead it was just dropped off at my door and now it is missing.
Please help me figure this out.
I even received the email confirmation of its delivery.
Hey Christina. I will be able to assist you.
Hey Christina.
I will be able to assist you.
Thank you
Was no note left by any deliver person?
I have checked it is no where to be found
I am sorry to hear about that. Could you please specify your address?
I am sorry to hear about that.
Could you please specify your address?
6244 Howard lane happyville CA 98654
Great thank you for this inform, I see that is matches what I have got on the system.
Okay
I am quickly tracking down the person responsible for that delivery.
standby please
Ok
Ok, I seem to be unable to get hold of him currently. What I will need to do is create a ticket for this to investigated.
Ok, I seem to be unable to get hold of him currently.
What I will need to do is create a ticket for this to investigated.
Ok
WE will be able to give you the outcome within the next 24hours.
Thank you
If for any reason it is negligence on our part, we will gladly replace the modem
Okay.
I am sorry for this, inconvenience.
Thank you
Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further.
Bye
Hi. I'm having trouble with my electricity acct. system locked me out.
Hi.
I'm having trouble with my electricity acct.
system locked me out.
Too many wrong passwords.  Just need to pay the $85 on it for Feb
Too many wrong passwords.
Just need to pay the $85 on it for Feb
I will be able to assist you with this bob.
Acct number is 36912151821
312 maple ave east is address
Acct name is bwatson65
OK great. Thank you for the information.
OK great.
Thank you for the information.
Let me pull up your account of the system
Thanks
I just need to verify that I am actually speaking to the right person. Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
I just need to verify that I am actually speaking to the right person.
Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
dob is 8-1-1977
Sorry lost signal for sec
What else besides bday to confirm?
Could you confirm your cellphone number also?
Oh sorry 571 724 6304
No problem. Thank you for verifying you identity. I will go ahead and schedule the password reset.
No problem.
Thank you for verifying you identity.
I will go ahead and schedule the password reset.
Give me one moment while I do this.
Thanks
OK, I have authorized the password reset. You should be receiving an email shortly with further instructions.
OK, I have authorized the password reset.
You should be receiving an email shortly with further instructions.
Ok cool
Once you have reset your password you will have access to your account
Got it
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
In that case, Bob. Have a great day further.
In that case, Bob.
Have a great day further.
Thanks
Hi. I've been experiencing extremely slow internet speeds for a week now
Hi.
I've been experiencing extremely slow internet speeds for a week now
I'm sorry to hear that.Have you tried to reset the router
No let me try
Seems to have worked
Okay that's good. Also, I see that you have 10 active users currently. Do you know them ?
Okay that's good.
Also, I see that you have 10 active users currently.
Do you know them ?
Yes
Okay great! I'm glad the reset helped. Can I assist you with anything else?
Okay great!
I'm glad the reset helped.
Can I assist you with anything else?
That's all
Have a great day.
My internet is slow, been slow for a week, i cant even stream, what is wrong
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist you. Have you tried resetting the router?
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist you.
Have you tried resetting the router?
No i will do that now
Wow that worked
Thank you
I'm happy to see that it worked You also have 10 active users currently.
Thank u
Okay. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
Okay.
Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
No
Bye
Have a great day.
Hi. I ordered a bookshelf from you and when I started the assembly I realized that a shelf was missing. Can you please either send the shelf or replace the entire bookshelf?
Hi.
I ordered a bookshelf from you and when I started the assembly I realized that a shelf was missing.
Can you please either send the shelf or replace the entire bookshelf?
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What's the order number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can assist you.
What's the order number?
54323-NY
Thanks. It
Thanks.
It
It's the Oak bookshelf?
yes
Great. I will overnight a shelf to you.
Great.
I will overnight a shelf to you.
That will be fine. Thanks
That will be fine.
Thanks
do you need more info?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
no thanks
have a great day.
My internet is super slow! Please fix!
My internet is super slow!
Please fix!
Help please!!!!
Help please!!!
!
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist. Have you tried resetting your router?
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can assist.
Have you tried resetting your router?
Yes several times!
Oh, okay. What's your account number?
Oh, okay.
What's your account number?
753247
Stand by while I research.
Ok
I see that you currently have 10 users actively using your internet connection.
I am not supposed to!
Okay, then I suggest that you change you password and reset all your devices. This will help the speed
Okay, then I suggest that you change you password and reset all your devices.
This will help the speed
Ok I will!
Is there anything else i can help you with
No that's it!
Okay, have a great day.
Hi my internet is running slow I can't stream anything now for a week can you help me please
Hey Christina, I will be able to assist you with this.
Have you tried restarting the modem?
Yes
OK, one moment while I pull up the current status of your modem.
Ok
OK looking at you modem, I see you correctly synced up with the exchange and the upload and download speeds seem right.
Ok
Ah, here we go. I see you have 8 active devices on your modem currently.
Ah, here we go.
I see you have 8 active devices on your modem currently.
Mmhmm
Is this intentional?
No
It should only be mine
Which is 1
In that case, I believe you model security was compromised.  I suggest you reset you modems password and reconnect all devices.
In that case, I believe you model security was compromised.
I suggest you reset you modems password and reconnect all devices.
Do you need assistance in doing this?
No I can do it
Thank you
I'll try that.
OK, thank you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK, thank you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it! Thank you bye
No that's it!
Thank you bye
Hi I can't get a cable signal at all, can you help me figure out what's wrong?
Sure. I can help. Have you tried resetting the router
Sure.
I can help.
Have you tried resetting the router
I turned it off and back on, is that the same thing?
Yes, did that help?
It's booting up, just a second
It worked! I feel so dumb haha. Thank you!
It worked!
I feel so dumb haha.
Thank you!
Don't feel that way. I'm glad it helped. You also have 10 active users.  Do you know if they are all authorized?
Don't feel that way.
I'm glad it helped.
You also have 10 active users.
Do you know if they are all authorized?
Yeah that sounds right, there's a lot of iPads and things in this house. Thank you!
Yeah that sounds right, there's a lot of iPads and things in this house.
Thank you!
Okay, great. Please call back if the issue returns. Is there anything else I can help with ?
Okay, great.
Please call back if the issue returns.
Is there anything else I can help with ?
No you were awesome thanks.
Thank you. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
You tok
Too
I ordered a bookshelf from online, from ACME. While i was putting it together i noticed a shelf was missing. U need to send me one or pick up the book shelve and replace it
I ordered a bookshelf from online, from ACME.
While i was putting it together i noticed a shelf was missing.
U need to send me one or pick up the book shelve and replace it
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the order number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's the order number?
36736846
Is it the Oak Bookshelf?
Yup
Okay. I can have the shelf overnighted to you.
Okay.
I can have the shelf overnighted to you.
Ok ty
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Have a great day.
I have recently ordered a bookcase and it is missing one the shelves.  I would like a replacement.
I have recently ordered a bookcase and it is missing one the shelves.
I would like a replacement.
Hey Valerie, I will be able to assist you with this.
Can I get a replacement shelf?
I am currently pulling up your order.
I see you ordered the oak bookcase?
Is this correct?
Yes.
Ok, sending a new shelf should be really easy
I will be sure to do that right now for you..
Seeing that you are a book lover, could we offer you a free book to help fill the bookcase?
Okay. Thank you. Is there anything else we need to get this matter resolved?
Okay.
Thank you.
Is there anything else we need to get this matter resolved?
Sure thing. That would be appreciated as long as I also get free shipping on my entire order.
Sure thing.
That would be appreciated as long as I also get free shipping on my entire order.
No problem, you will not need to worry about any payment.
Which book would you like?
What are my options?
Any book you would like...
Okay. How about a collectors edition of "Walden" by Henry David Thoreau?
Okay.
How about a collectors edition of "Walden" by Henry David Thoreau?
One moment while I see if I can track down that book...
OK seems we can get it. Bit exspensive
OK seems we can get it.
Bit exspensive
but a deal is a deal
we will be sending that over with the self
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Okay. Thank you very much for your cooperation.
Okay.
Thank you very much for your cooperation.
No that will be all.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further.
Hello. I am having a problem trying to log into my online account so I can pay my power bill.  I am locked out after four tries. Can you help me access the system?
Hello.
I am having a problem trying to log into my online account so I can pay my power bill.
I am locked out after four tries.
Can you help me access the system?
Hey Alan, I will be able to assist you with this.
great
Could you please provide me with your account number?
6789-1234
Ok, busy pulling up the account details, one moment please.
OK I will need to verify your identify before proceeding. Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
OK I will need to verify your identify before proceeding.
Could you please provide me with your date of birth and cellphone number?
dob is 03/02/1979 cell is 718-525-6124
Great, thank you for verifying your identity.
Let  go ahead and schedule that password reset. Standby please
Let  go ahead and schedule that password reset.
Standby please
ok
OK I have authorized the password reset. You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions.
OK I have authorized the password reset.
You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions.
thanks very much
Once the password is reset, you will have full access to your account again
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
not today thanks
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
you too
Hi. Delivery guy dropped off a new modem I bought from you at my door and when I got home just now it isn't there.
Hi.
Delivery guy dropped off a new modem I bought from you at my door and when I got home just now it isn't there.
Got a text that it was delivered automated
It isn't here now
I'm sorry to hear that. What is the order number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is the order number?
4812162024
Okay. Standby while I research the issue.
Okay.
Standby while I research the issue.
Thx
I see that it was delivered in error. I will log a ticket of inquiry and resolve it as soon as possible.
I see that it was delivered in error.
I will log a ticket of inquiry and resolve it as soon as possible.
Thanks
Not sure what happened
Would prefer to sign for it anyway
I understand. There was some confusion on our end. You'll be contacted via email regarding the resolution.
I understand.
There was some confusion on our end.
You'll be contacted via email regarding the resolution.
Thanks appreciate it
You're welcome. Can I assist you with anything else today?
You're welcome.
Can I assist you with anything else today?
No
Okay. Have a great day.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Hello. I ordered a bookshelf and I just noticed a shelf is missing.
Hello.
I ordered a bookshelf and I just noticed a shelf is missing.
Hey Bill, let me assist you with this.
Thanks
I see you ordered the oak bookshelf? Is that correct?
I see you ordered the oak bookshelf?
Is that correct?
Yes
Ok, replacing the shelf should be easy, Considered it done.
Great
I have just placed the order. However to make up for the inconvenience, I would like to offer you a free book of your choice
I have just placed the order.
However to make up for the inconvenience, I would like to offer you a free book of your choice
Sounds good
Which book would you like?
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
Let me just ensure I can get you this book...
Ok we have it. I will be sure to send that along with your free delivery. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ok we have it.
I will be sure to send that along with your free delivery.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all thank you
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
I ordered a bookshelf and when I was putting it together I noticed a shelf was missing!
I need you to send me a shelf or a new bookcase!
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the order number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's the order number?
368422
I see the order, it's the oak one right?
Yes
Okay, I can have a shelf overnighted to you.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
Okay, Have a great day.
Hi I ordered a new book shelf from ACME and when I started to assemble it I realized it was missing a shelf. Order # is 987445 I placed it the other day.
Hi I ordered a new book shelf from ACME and when I started to assemble it I realized it was missing a shelf.
Order # is 987445 I placed it the other day.
I'm sorry to hear that. Let me research this - standby
I'm sorry to hear that.
Let me research this - standby
Thanks
I see the order, is it the Oak bookshelf?
Yes
Okay. I can have a shelf overnighted to you.
Okay.
I can have a shelf overnighted to you.
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it!
Thank you
Goodbye
Good bye
Hi I just noticed I was billed twice for a pair of concert tickets, please refund the extra charge asap
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What is the order number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can assist you.
What is the order number?
Great thanks. It's ATL38261
Great thanks.
It's ATL38261
I see the order.  I have credited the account you should see the credit in two days.
I see the order.
I have credited the account you should see the credit in two days.
Perfect. Thanks so much for your help
Perfect.
Thanks so much for your help
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
I am trying to log into my online account to pay a bill, but it seems the account has locked me out. Can you unlock it?
I am trying to log into my online account to pay a bill, but it seems the account has locked me out.
Can you unlock it?
Sure, I can assist you. What
Sure, I can assist you.
What
is your username?
Valeco
Okay for verification purposes please provide your full name, email address and date of birth.
Valerie Cole, SleepySkies@gmail.com, 1-25-1995.  :)
Thanks. I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Thanks.
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Thank you. Is the issue resolved?
Thank you.
Is the issue resolved?
You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.  Yes it's been resolved.
You'll receive an email shortly with instructions to reset a new password.
Yes it's been resolved.
Thank you. Have a nice day!
Thank you.
Have a nice day!
I received the email and reset the password. Thank you for your help.
I received the email and reset the password.
Thank you for your help.
Are you still there?
Yes, sorry for the delay. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, sorry for the delay.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you.
Bye.
Good-bye
Hi.  I hope someone can help. Internet here at the house is just crawling. Been slow for a week
Hi.
I hope someone can help.
Internet here at the house is just crawling.
Been slow for a week
Now so slow can't even stream YouTube
Any ideas to fix?
I can assist you. Have you tried rebooting the router
I can assist you.
Have you tried rebooting the router
No.
Let me do that
Still powering back up
Wow working like normal now
Think that fixed it
Okay great. I"m glad to see that worked. You also have 10 active users. Does that seem right to you?
Okay great.
I"m glad to see that worked.
You also have 10 active users.
Does that seem right to you?
Yeah running smoothly now
Thanks
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope thanks
Have a great day
Help! I missed my flight. I would have tried to cancel it or reschedule but the area I was in had no service. Please help me get another flight home!
Help!
I missed my flight.
I would have tried to cancel it or reschedule but the area I was in had no service.
Please help me get another flight home!
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What's the flight number and time of departure
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can assist you.
What's the flight number and time of departure
It's 524, departed at 7:45am PST
Okay. I have two flight options. 2pm today or 6pm tonight.
Okay.
I have two flight options.
2pm today or 6pm tonight.
2pm works great
2pm works great
Great. I see that your
Great.
I see that your
you're a Gold member so there's no charge. YOU are confirmed and will get an email with the flight info
you're a Gold member so there's no charge.
YOU are confirmed and will get an email with the flight info
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No you were great thank you so much
Thanks. Have a great day
Thanks.
Have a great day
Hi, my internet service has gotten almost useless in the past week. I can't stream anything anymore and used to be able to without any problems. Can you help correct this issue?
Hi, my internet service has gotten almost useless in the past week.
I can't stream anything anymore and used to be able to without any problems.
Can you help correct this issue?
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried rebooting the router
I'm sorry to hear that.
Have you tried rebooting the router
yes it made no difference
Okay what's your account number
1435-678
I pulled up your account and see that  you currently have 10 active users.
really? there are only 3 people in this apt.
really?
there are only 3 people in this apt.
I suggest that you change your password and reset your devices.
Okay. i think someone has hacked into the network.
Okay.
i think someone has hacked into the network.
Okay, that will help. Is there anything else I can help you with
Okay, that will help.
Is there anything else I can help you with
I will do that. Nothing more today, thanks.
I will do that.
Nothing more today, thanks.
Hello, i bought a table online but you guys sent me the wrong model
Can you help me fix this problem?
I'm sorry to hear that. What table did you get and what's the delivery address
I'm sorry to hear that.
What table did you get and what's the delivery address
I ordered the black mahogony dinning table. My address is 3434 nw phil street
I ordered the black mahogony dinning table.
My address is 3434 nw phil street
I received a black table
Brown table sorry
I see your order and can deliver your table first thing tomorrow. Does that work?
I see your order and can deliver your table first thing tomorrow.
Does that work?
Yes
That is perfect
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats all
Have a good day
You too. thanks
You too.
thanks
I placed an order for an internet modem. The modem was placed on my doorstep and went missing, even though I requested the package only be delivered with my signature.
I placed an order for an internet modem.
The modem was placed on my doorstep and went missing, even though I requested the package only be delivered with my signature.
What can you do to help me?
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist you. What's the order number?
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist you.
What's the order number?
51253088
I see your order. I can have the table delivered first thing tomorrow. Does that work ?
I see your order.
I can have the table delivered first thing tomorrow.
Does that work ?
It was a modem, not a table.
Am internet modem.
*An internet modem.
Yes, You're correct. Sorry. I need to open an investigation.
Yes, You're correct.
Sorry.
I need to open an investigation.
Please deliver it first thing tomorrow, and don't make the same mistake twice.
Thank you. Contact me once the package is shipped please.
Thank you.
Contact me once the package is shipped please.
You will receive an email from the investigative team if they have any other questions and to confirm redelivery.
Okay, thank you. Is the matter resolved?
Okay, thank you.
Is the matter resolved?
They need to investigate but will resolve it as quickly as possible.
Okay. Thank you for your time. I will wait for their email.
Okay.
Thank you for your time.
I will wait for their email.
Do we need to continue this conversation?
Great. No we are done.  Have a great day.
Great.
No we are done.
Have a great day.
You too. Byw
You too.
Byw
Bye
I have recently moved from my apartment and need to contact your company about updating my residual address and also placing an order for new cabling at the address I moved to
you help me with that
Please
????
???
?
Yes, I can assist you. What is the address?
Yes, I can assist you.
What is the address?
2533 west angel wood unit 37
Phoenix az86017
I see that we did deliver it in error. I will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact y ou.
I see that we did deliver it in error.
I will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact y ou.
Are you still there
Hello. We ordered the 4 shelf corner bookshelf from you folks and as I'm assembling it, appears as if one shelf is missing
Hello.
We ordered the 4 shelf corner bookshelf from you folks and as I'm assembling it, appears as if one shelf is missing
Is it possible to send us a replacement shelf?
The bookshelf is item D35467
Hey Bob, Sure thing let me assist you with this
Perfect, thank for the item. That matches the item on our system.
Perfect, thank for the item.
That matches the item on our system.
I will be sure to send you a replacement  shelf, free of charge.
Oh cool
Thanks
No problem bob. Do you have enough books for this massive shelf?
No problem bob.
Do you have enough books for this massive shelf?
Oh yeah
We may need to order another next year from you
I do apologize for the inconvenience, regarding the missing shelf. Be sure to use ACME again when you want another shelf:)
I do apologize for the inconvenience, regarding the missing shelf.
Be sure to use ACME again when you want another shelf:)
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
In that case, I hope you have a great day further:)
You too
You too!
Hello. I hope you can help me. I ordered an internet modem from you and received a message while I was at work that it had been delivered. But when I got home the package was not left at my door as the message stated. It is missing. According to your website a signature was required so I dont understand why it was delivered without one. No one was home all day.
Hello.
I hope you can help me.
I ordered an internet modem from you and received a message while I was at work that it had been delivered.
But when I got home the package was not left at my door as the message stated.
It is missing.
According to your website a signature was required so I dont understand why it was delivered without one.
No one was home all day.
I'm sorry that you had this issue. What's the order number?
I'm sorry that you had this issue.
What's the order number?
5432-4598
Please standby while I review it.
ok
I see that we did deliver it in error. I will need to open an investigation. Please confirm that you didn't see a note from the delivery service.
I see that we did deliver it in error.
I will need to open an investigation.
Please confirm that you didn't see a note from the delivery service.
There was no note or delivery notice. I looked all around and even asked my neighbor.
There was no note or delivery notice.
I looked all around and even asked my neighbor.
Okay, thanks. You will hear from the investigative team via email. They will work to resolve it quickly.
Okay, thanks.
You will hear from the investigative team via email.
They will work to resolve it quickly.
I appreciate that. I need the new modem ASAP.
I appreciate that.
I need the new modem ASAP.
I understand, They will help. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
I understand, They will help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
No. Thanks for your help.
No.
Thanks for your help.
Have a great day
You too
thanks.
My internet speed is REALLY slow! The speed issue vegans last week. It is so bad I can't stream anything!
My internet speed is REALLY slow!
The speed issue vegans last week.
It is so bad I can't stream anything!
What is going on? Can you help me?
What is going on?
Can you help me?
Hello??
Hello?
?
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your account number
1357224
Have you tried rebooting the router
No I have not.
I will try it now.
Thanks!!! It worked! I am on YouTube and I can stream now!
Thanks!!!
It worked!
I am on YouTube and I can stream now!
Okay great. You also have 10 users currently active on your account.  Are you aware of that?
Okay great.
You also have 10 users currently active on your account.
Are you aware of that?
No I was not. I only have 3 laptops in the house.
No I was not.
I only have 3 laptops in the house.
What should I do?
Do I need to change my password?
I would strongly suggest that and then reset all your devices.
Okay thank you very much.
If I have any other issues in the future, I'll let you know. Anything else or can I go?
If I have any other issues in the future, I'll let you know.
Anything else or can I go?
No that's it. Have a great day.
No that's it.
Have a great day.
You too!
Thank you.
Hello my cellphone service stopped working
Can you explain to me why?
My name is josé Subero and my UserName is coppo
What is the cell number?
5744685678
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Sorry about that
Can you run it again?
The payment with the same card?
Yes, I will do that. Stand by
Yes, I will do that.
Stand by
Ok
It worked. you should have service in about 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with
It worked.
you should have service in about 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Thats it
Thank you very much
Hi I recently relocated from my apartment and I need to update my new address to get a new install for cabling please
I can assist you with this. What is your address
I can assist you with this.
What is your address
5443 lolly road apt # 4536 pleasantville FL 76544
Okay, let me confirm that we service your area.
Ok
Yes, we service  your area. The earliest appointment is March 6th. Does that work?
Yes, we service  your area.
The earliest appointment is March 6th.
Does that work?
Yes perfect
Thank you!
Great. Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great.
Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon on the 6th
Yes they will
Okay, you are confirmed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Okay, you are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that's it
Thank you
Bye
bye
Hello, i have a problem. My food account was hacked and someone ordered food and it was delivered to a local coffee shop.
Hello, i have a problem.
My food account was hacked and someone ordered food and it was delivered to a local coffee shop.
Can you help me fix this?
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your account number?
5566
I see the charge. I also see that you are a loyal customer. Thank you.  The company doesn't offer refunds but let me talk to my supervisor.
I see the charge.
I also see that you are a loyal customer.
Thank you.
The company doesn't offer refunds but let me talk to my supervisor.
Ok
I've been authorized to credit the $100. You should see that in two days.
I've been authorized to credit the $100.
You should see that in two days.
Thank you very much for your help
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hi I'm having a problem with my cable. I can't get any of my channels to work.
Hi I'm having a problem with my cable.
I can't get any of my channels to work.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your account number?
9870044
Okay, thank you. Have you tried rebooting your router?
Okay, thank you.
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Yes
I am looking at your account and I noticed that you currently have 10 active users. Do you know about those?
I am looking at your account and I noticed that you currently have 10 active users.
Do you know about those?
No there should only be 2
I see. Well I strongly suggest that you change your password and reset all your devices.
I see.
Well I strongly suggest that you change your password and reset all your devices.
Okay I'll try that and contact you If it still doesn't work
Try it now. I will wait.
Try it now.
I will wait.
Okay
Alright it seems to work now
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all thank you
Have a great day.
Hello, i received an invoice for a cellphone contract in the mail
I did not sign or authorize it
Okay, I can assist you with that. What
Okay, I can assist you with that.
What
is the cell number associated with that contract
No
I want to cancel it because it is not mine
I understand but I need the cell number to review that account
4567895643
Thank you. Let me take a look. Standby
Thank you.
Let me take a look.
Standby
Ok
Please confirm that you or a family member didn't authorize this contract
We did not authorize this contract
Okay. I have suspended this account and will open a ticket of inquiry.
Okay.
I have suspended this account and will open a ticket of inquiry.
Ok Thank you
If the investigative team has any questions they will contact you via email . Is there anything else I can assist you with
If the investigative team has any questions they will contact you via email .
Is there anything else I can assist you with
That is all for today
Have a great day
Hi I recently ordered tickets to see a show and I realized after I placed my order online I was double charged.
I'm sorry that you had this issue. I can assist you. What's the order number?
I'm sorry that you had this issue.
I can assist you.
What's the order number?
166788532
I see the double charge. I have credited your card and you should see the credit in two days.
I see the double charge.
I have credited your card and you should see the credit in two days.
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can assist you with
That's it
Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Have a great day
Hi so I was on vacation and I got snowed into where I was staying and I missed my flight home. I had no way to let you know until now because there was no service at the resort. I would like to get on the next available flight please
Hi so I was on vacation and I got snowed into where I was staying and I missed my flight home.
I had no way to let you know until now because there was no service at the resort.
I would like to get on the next available flight please
I'm sorry to hear you got snowed in. What was the flight number and departure city?
I'm sorry to hear you got snowed in.
What was the flight number and departure city?
Departing Aspen CO and flight # 5467
Okay. I see that there are two flights leaving today. Does either 4pm or 8pm work for you?
Okay.
I see that there are two flights leaving today.
Does either 4pm or 8pm work for you?
4 works!
Great. I also see that you're a Gold Member flyer, so there is no extra charge for this change.
Great.
I also see that you're a Gold Member flyer, so there is no extra charge for this change.
Great thank you!
I've sent you a confirmation email. Please confirm that you received it.
I've sent you a confirmation email.
Please confirm that you received it.
I just got it!
Fantastic. Have a safe flight.
Fantastic.
Have a safe flight.
Thank you!
You're welcome.
Hello
Hello Jose, How may I assist you today?
Hello Jose?
Sorry i made a mistake
No problem. How may I assist you today?
No problem.
How may I assist you today?
I openened the app by mistake
No problem, Do you not wish to have a conversation?
No
Not right now
Ok, no problem. Have a good day further
Ok, no problem.
Have a good day further
Hello, i was trying to log into my electricity account but i was blocked
Can you help me regain acces?
Yes, I can assist you. What is your account number?
Yes, I can assist you.
What is your account number?
55768
Okay, I will review your account.
To Verify your identity. Please provide me with your full name, date of birth and email address.
To Verify your identity.
Please provide me with your full name, date of birth and email address.
José Coppola
05 21 1986
3467 sw fullton street
Thank you. I have reset your account with a temporary password. You'll receive an email with instructions to reset your password shortly.
Thank you.
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
You'll receive an email with instructions to reset your password shortly.
Thank you
I just received it
That was fast
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats all
Have a a great day
Hello, i ordered a modem online. I received a notice that the módem was left in front of my door
Hello, i ordered a modem online.
I received a notice that the módem was left in front of my door
But there is no package
I Now that you required a signature but i did not sign it
I'm sorry that you had this issue. What is the order number?
I'm sorry that you had this issue.
What is the order number?
3465
Okay, Standby while I review this.
Ok
Is see that it was delivered in error. I will need to open a ticket of inquiry.
Is see that it was delivered in error.
I will need to open a ticket of inquiry.
Ok
Thank you
I hope yo hear from you soon
Thats all Thank you for your time
Our investigative team will review this  and follow up with you as soon as possible.
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats all
Have a great day
Hi recently I ordered a new dining table and when I got my order today it was the wrong one. I ordered the white one not the dark brown finish.
Hi recently I ordered a new dining table and when I got my order today it was the wrong one.
I ordered the white one not the dark brown finish.
I'm sorry for this inconvenience. I can assist you. What is the delivery address on the box?
I'm sorry for this inconvenience.
I can assist you.
What is the delivery address on the box?
1668 lollipop lane oakfield, NB 98664
What is your order number?
989954
Yes, I see the order and that it was mistakenly delivered to Lollipop Dr. not Lane. I will have it delivered first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
Yes, I see the order and that it was mistakenly delivered to Lollipop Dr. not Lane.
I will have it delivered first thing in the morning.
Does that work for you?
Yes
Thank you
Great. They will also pick up the other table. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
They will also pick up the other table.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that's it thank you
You're welcome.
Hello my internet speed is really slow
The problem began a week ago
I can help you with this.
Ok
What is yours  account number
90865
Have you tried rebooting the router?
Yes
I did that several times
Okay. I've pulled up the account and see that you currently have 10 active users. Have you authorized that many?
Okay.
I've pulled up the account and see that you currently have 10 active users.
Have you authorized that many?
No
I am going to change my oassword
Yes, I strongly suggest that you do that and reset all your devices.
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats all
Have a great day
Hi my cellphone service just abruptly stopped and I only have access to my wifi to contact you to find out what the problem is.
Can you help me out please
What is the cell phone number?
7076202274
Thank you. I have pulled up the account and see that you made a payment  on March 1st but it was declined.
Thank you.
I have pulled up the account and see that you made a payment  on March 1st but it was declined.
There must be a mistake I have plenty of funds in my account. Could there have been an error?
There must be a mistake I have plenty of funds in my account.
Could there have been an error?
There could be an error. Do you give me permission to put through the payment again to your card on file?
There could be an error.
Do you give me permission to put through the payment again to your card on file?
Yes I do
Okay. I have put the payment through and it did accept the payment. Your service should be back on  in about 10 minutes.
Okay.
I have put the payment through and it did accept the payment.
Your service should be back on  in about 10 minutes.
Thank you
You're welcome.
Hi. Just got done moving into new place, realized I need to set up home internet
Hi.
Just got done moving into new place, realized I need to set up home internet
Also need to update billing address
Hi David. I can help you with this. What's your new address.
Hi David.
I can help you with this.
What's your new address.
New address is 7124 Arthur ave
Alexandria VA
21097
Thank you. Let me confirm that we can service your area.
Thank you.
Let me confirm that we can service your area.
Thanks
We do service your area and I see that we can have someone to you tomorrow morning between 9a and noon. Does that work?
We do service your area and I see that we can have someone to you tomorrow morning between 9a and noon.
Does that work?
Yes
I can be here that whole time
Great. You are confirmed for tomorrow between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
You are confirmed for tomorrow between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
Thanks
Have a great day.
Hello i ordered a bookshelf online but while i was assembling it, there was some shelf missing
Can you help me?
I'm sorry that this happened. I can assist you. What is your order number?
I'm sorry that this happened.
I can assist you.
What is your order number?
5464
Okay - is it the Oak Bookshelf
Yes
Two shelves are missig
I am happy to overnight the two missing shelves.
Thank you very much
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That all
Have a great day.
Hi I went away this last weekend and came home to find a hacker accessed my account and bought $124 worth of food and sent it to the coffee shop around the corner. How could this have happened? Is there a way you can reverse the charge?
Hi I went away this last weekend and came home to find a hacker accessed my account and bought $124 worth of food and sent it to the coffee shop around the corner.
How could this have happened?
Is there a way you can reverse the charge?
I have been a good loyal customer for years.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. I'm happy to help. What's your account number
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue.
I'm happy to help.
What's your account number
19984333
Okay. I've pulled up your account. Yes, I see that you are a very loyal customer . Thank you.  Standby while I research this.
Okay.
I've pulled up your account.
Yes, I see that you are a very loyal customer .
Thank you.
Standby while I research this.
Ok
I see the charge. The company doesn't normally refund any money but let me talk to my supervisor.
I see the charge.
The company doesn't normally refund any money but let me talk to my supervisor.
Okay
If this was not due to my error and it was a problem with your website I would expect a refund
Thank you. I've been authorized to refund you the $124 and offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20% when ordering.
Thank you.
I've been authorized to refund you the $124 and offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Please use code 20% when ordering.
Ok thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hello, i just relocate and i need to update my address for a new installation for the cable
I can assist you. What's your full address?
I can assist you.
What's your full address?
572 sw toll avenue Atlanta Georgia 36885
Let me check to see if we service that area.
Pj
Pk
Ok
We do service your area and can have someone out to you on March 6th. does that work?
We do service your area and can have someone out to you on March 6th.
does that work?
Yes
It works
Great. Please confirm someone will be there between 9a and noon on the 6th
Great.
Please confirm someone will be there between 9a and noon on the 6th
Ok i Will wait for the person coming on march 6
Great is there anything I can help you with today?
Thats all Thank you
You're welcome.
Help! Cable just went down. No channels working!  I have friends coming over to watch hockey tomorrow night!!
Help!
Cable just went down.
No channels working!
I have friends coming over to watch hockey tomorrow night!
!
Any help here?
I can assist you. Have  you tried rebooting the system?
I can assist you.
Have  you tried rebooting the system?
What's best way to do that?
Just power off and on?
Yes, let me know if that helps.
Trying
I will check to see if there are any issue in your area.
It's up
Looks like it's working
That's great. I'm happy that there was an easy fix. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's great.
I'm happy that there was an easy fix.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Whew.
Thanks!!!
Thanks!!
!
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi when I opened up my mail today I got an invoice for a contract I never agreed to.
This must be a mistake and I would like to cancel it
What's the cell phone number associated with the contract?
778-543-7788
Thank you. Please confirm that you or a family member didn't authorize this contract.
Thank you.
Please confirm that you or a family member didn't authorize this contract.
Yes no one did
Okay, I have suspended this number and will open a ticket to investigate. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, I have suspended this number and will open a ticket to investigate.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thank yiu
You
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hello, i have a problem with my cable because none of the channels are working
Okay. Have you tried restarting your system? Unplug it and then plug it back in and wait for the reboot.
Okay.
Have you tried restarting your system?
Unplug it and then plug it back in and wait for the reboot.
Ok i am going to wait for the reboot
It is dobe
Done
The channels are working fine Now
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thats all
I bought tickets last night for Wolftrap on April 23rd for Elvis Costello and it looks like I got charged twice
Should have been four lawn seats
Looks like it put transaction thru again
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem.
What's your order number?
Can we fix it so I'm only charged for the tix I need?
I will need your order number research.
563782135-654
Is order number
thank  you. I see the double charge and I will credit your card. You should see the credit in two days.
thank  you.
I see the double charge and I will credit your card.
You should see the credit in two days.
Cool
Thanks for fixing
You're welcome, Have a great day.
I just moved to a new home and need to get service installed
And update my address
Hi Junior. I can assist you. What's your new address?
Hi Junior.
I can assist you.
What's your new address?
The new address?
Yes, for your new home where you want the cable installed.
9733 arbor oaks Ln Boca Raton 33428
Okay, thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
Okay, thank you.
Let me see if we service your area.
We do. I can have someone out to install on March 6th. Does that work for you>
We do.
I can have someone out to install on March 6th.
Does that work for you>
Ok great
Please confirm that someone will be available between 9a and noon on the 6th
Confirmed
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all :)
Have a great day.
Hello, i purchased two tickets to the john legend concert. For some reason you guys charge me double. I want to cancel the transaction
Hello, i purchased two tickets to the john legend concert.
For some reason you guys charge me double.
I want to cancel the transaction
thank you.
Hello i purchased two tickets for the john legend concert. For some reason you guys charge me double
Hello i purchased two tickets for the john legend concert.
For some reason you guys charge me double
I would like to get a regund
Sure. I can help you with that. What's the order number
Sure.
I can help you with that.
What's the order number
53543:
I pulled up  your order and see that you were double billed. I've credited that amount and  you should see the credit in two day.
I pulled up  your order and see that you were double billed.
I've credited that amount and  you should see the credit in two day.
Ok i Will check my account the day after tomorrow
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Thats all
We are in some trouble. Sorry for not checking in sooner. Just got signal back.
We are in some trouble.
Sorry for not checking in sooner.
Just got signal back.
We got snowed in at Steamboat last night just now getting in to Denver
Know our flight left four hours ago
What are our options here?
I'm sorry to hear this. What was your flight number and departure city
I'm sorry to hear this.
What was your flight number and departure city
It was American Airlines 857 to Dulles
If it helps, we can fly back into Reagan or BWI
Okay. I have a 5pm to Reagan or a 6pm to BWI. Do either of those work for you?
Okay.
I have a 5pm to Reagan or a 6pm to BWI.
Do either of those work for you?
5pm is great
Great. I see that you're a Gold Member Flyer. I can make this change with no extra cost to you. Please confirm that you received ticket confirmation in  your email
Great.
I see that you're a Gold Member Flyer.
I can make this change with no extra cost to you.
Please confirm that you received ticket confirmation in  your email
Checking
Yep got it
Huge relief
Anything else I can help you with?
You folks are great thanks
Thank you. Have a great day
Thank you.
Have a great day
None of my cable TV channels are working
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your account number?
123-456-7890
Have you tried rebooting the system? If not do so now
Have you tried rebooting the system?
If not do so now
Ok let me try
It works now!
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with
That's all for today. Thank you!
That's all for today.
Thank you!
Thank you
Hello, due to snow i missed my flight. I was unable to notify the airline. Can you help me explain this to the airline and see when the next flights are?
Hello, due to snow i missed my flight.
I was unable to notify the airline.
Can you help me explain this to the airline and see when the next flights are?
Hello?
I'm sorry to hear you had this problem. What's your flight number and departure city?
I'm sorry to hear you had this problem.
What's your flight number and departure city?
Flight númber 4567 and Chicago is the departure city
Okay. I see that we have two flight options. 4p and 8p today. Do either of those work?
Okay.
I see that we have two flight options.
4p and 8p today.
Do either of those work?
8p today is perfect for me
Okay and i see that you
are a Gold member Flyer. So, there will be no charge for this change. Please confirm that you received the ticket information in your email box.
are a Gold member Flyer.
So, there will be no charge for this change.
Please confirm that you received the ticket information in your email box.
Can you book it for me?
Yes i just received
Thank you for your help and for not charge me extra
Happy to assist. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Happy to assist.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thats all
Thank you very much
You're welcome.
Hi acme, I'm trying to pay my electricity bill but I am locked out of the system, because I unsuccessfully tried to log in four times. Can you unlock it?
Hi acme, I'm trying to pay my electricity bill but I am locked out of the system, because I unsuccessfully tried to log in four times.
Can you unlock it?
I'm sorry to hear that. Please tell me your username.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Please tell me your username.
Waterisbest33
To verify your identity please tell me  your birth date and zip code
03/13/87 and my zip is 45778
Okay. Thank you. I've reset your account with a temporary password. You'll be getting an email with reset instructions.
Okay.
Thank you.
I've reset your account with a temporary password.
You'll be getting an email with reset instructions.
Sounds great thank you
YOU're welcome. Have a great day
YOU're welcome.
Have a great day
You too
I purchased tickets for the upcoming Cher concert and it seems I have been billed twice. I need one of the transactions refunded.
I purchased tickets for the upcoming Cher concert and it seems I have been billed twice.
I need one of the transactions refunded.
What is your order number
IHRTCHER4EVER
If I could turn back time I would have purchased more tickets but they're sold out now
Great. I see that you were double billed. I can refund that and you will see  your credit in two days. Thanks for the Cher reference, made my day.
Great.
I see that you were double billed.
I can refund that and you will see  your credit in two days.
Thanks for the Cher reference, made my day.
Thank you
Appreciate the help
You're welcome.
Hi acme, I ordered a new modem that was delivered today. It said it was delivered but when I got home from
Hi acme, I ordered a new modem that was delivered today.
It said it was delivered but when I got home from
Work it was missing. It says the delivery needs a signature. Is there anyway you can help?
Work it was missing.
It says the delivery needs a signature.
Is there anyway you can help?
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem . What's the order number ?
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem .
What's the order number ?
55677892
I do see that we mistakenly delivered the modem without the required signature. I will have to open up an investigation ticket.
I do see that we mistakenly delivered the modem without the required signature.
I will have to open up an investigation ticket.
Ok
The team will resolve the issue as soon as possible and will contact you directly if they have any questions. Can I assist you with anything else
The team will resolve the issue as soon as possible and will contact you directly if they have any questions.
Can I assist you with anything else
No that's fine. Thank you
No that's fine.
Thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
I missed my return flight from my recent holiday in the Florida keys due to being snowed in and the phones were down so I couldn't contact you sooner
I'm sorry to that you missed your flight What is your flight number and departing city?
I need to find the next available flights
Please tell me your flight number
712
Okay. I have two flight available 4p and 8p. Do any other those work for you?
Okay.
I have two flight available 4p and 8p.
Do any other those work for you?
4 works
Great. I also see that you are a Gold Member Flyer. Thank  you. Because you are there will be no additional fee for this change.
Great.
I also see that you are a Gold Member Flyer.
Thank  you.
Because you are there will be no additional fee for this change.
Please check your email now for the flight information.
Did you receive it.
Please
:)
Is there anything else I can do for you today
That's all :)
Have a great day
Hey acme, my internet started becoming very slow about a week ago. I can't even stream. Can you help?
Hey acme, my internet started becoming very slow about a week ago.
I can't even stream.
Can you help?
Sure, I can assist you. If you haven't already rebooted the system. Please do so now.
Sure, I can assist you.
If you haven't already rebooted the system.
Please do so now.
Ok I rebooted the system
If that didn't help, it may be because you currently have 10 active users associated with your modem
Ok I will try and get some of those users off
That will help. I also suggest that  you change your password and reset all your devices.
That will help.
I also suggest that  you change your password and reset all your devices.
Ok I will do thst
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today
Good.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
No thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Acme, I am trying to assemble a bookshelf I ordered and there is a shelf missing. Can you please send the missing shelf, or pick up the bookshelf I have now and replace it?
Acme, I am trying to assemble a bookshelf I ordered and there is a shelf missing.
Can you please send the missing shelf, or pick up the bookshelf I have now and replace it?
I'm sorry you are having that issue. What's you're order number?
I'm sorry you are having that issue.
What's you're order number?
22367680
Is it the Oak Bookshelf?
Yes!
Okay. I apologize that you are missing a shelf. I can have it overnighted to you today.
Okay.
I apologize that you are missing a shelf.
I can have it overnighted to you today.
Sounds great
Good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Good.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi acme, I just relocated to a new apartment and I need to alert my internet provider and get a new installation. I don't have the proper cabling
Hi acme, I just relocated to a new apartment and I need to alert my internet provider and get a new installation.
I don't have the proper cabling
Hello Dave. Thank you for contacting us regarding this matter. Let me assist you.
Hello Dave.
Thank you for contacting us regarding this matter.
Let me assist you.
Can you help?
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
It's 2936 N Potts Dr. Indianapolis, IN, 67545
Okay, let me confirm that we can service that area.
Ok
Yes, that is okay... The next available appointment is March 6th. Does that work for you?
Yes, that is okay...
The next available appointment is March 6th.
Does that work for you?
Sounds good.
Please confirm that someone will be available between 9a and noon on the 6th
I will be there
Great. Your installation is confirmed for March 6th between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
Great.
Your installation is confirmed for March 6th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
No thank you
You're welcome.
Acme, none of cable channels are working. Can you resolve my issue?
Acme, none of cable channels are working.
Can you resolve my issue?
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is your account number?
66554789
Okay. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Okay.
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Yes I just tried that
Okay let me see if there are any issues in  your area.
Ok
I do see that they are working in your area. They've confirmed that the problem should be alleviated within the hours.
I do see that they are working in your area.
They've confirmed that the problem should be alleviated within the hours.
hour
Sounds great I'll wait it ouy
Is there anything else I can assist  you with today?
No thank you
You're welcome.
Hello i purchased a dinning table online but you guys sent me the wrong one
I ordered the oak dinning
And i received the mahagony dinning table
I'm sorry you had that issue. I can assist you. What is your order number
I'm sorry you had that issue.
I can assist you.
What is your order number
57421
I found your order. What is the delivery address on the box?
I found your order.
What is the delivery address on the box?
564 ne tom avenue
Mine is 3578 nw george street
Thank you. Let me research this. Standby
Thank you.
Let me research this.
Standby
Ok
I see that it was delivered to George Ave. I apologize for the error. We can have it delivered tomorrow morning. Does that work for you>
I see that it was delivered to George Ave.
I apologize for the error.
We can have it delivered tomorrow morning.
Does that work for you>
Yes it works
Thank you for your support
Of course. They will also pick up the other table at the same time. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Of course.
They will also pick up the other table at the same time.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Thats all thanks
Hi acme, I ordered concert tickets a few days ago and I see I was double charged. Can you help get me a refund?
Hi acme, I ordered concert tickets a few days ago and I see I was double charged.
Can you help get me a refund?
Yes, I can assist you.
What is your order number
15643377
I see that you were double billed. I will credit your account.
I see that you were double billed.
I will credit your account.
You should see the credit within two days.
Great! That was easy. Thanks
Great!
That was easy.
Thanks
Sometimes it can be easy. I'm glad to help. Is there anything else  I can assist you with today?
Sometimes it can be easy.
I'm glad to help.
Is there anything else  I can assist you with today?
No thank you
I like that tag line by the way
You're welcome... which tag line?
"Sometimes it can be easy" ;)
Thanks! Have a great day.
Thanks!
Have a great day.
You too
Hi I ordered a table and you sent me the wrong one... I need the new one sent out and expedited delivery too
Hi I ordered a table and you sent me the wrong one...
I need the new one sent out and expedited delivery too
Hi Ben. I'm sorry that this happened I can assist you. What is your order number ?
Hi Ben.
I'm sorry that this happened I can assist you.
What is your order number ?
63377733
Thank you. What does the table look like that you received and what's the address on the box"
Thank you.
What does the table look like that you received and what's the address on the box"
The table is cheap wood... I ordered oak... Address is 496 main st aurora, Colorado 78543
The table is cheap wood...
I ordered oak...
Address is 496 main st aurora, Colorado 78543
Okay I see where your table went. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it to you first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
Okay I see where your table went.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I can have it to you first thing in the morning.
Does that work for you?
Works great thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Acme, I got snowed in at a resort and I missed my flight back home. I wasn't able to contact the airline due to the hotels communication system being nonexistent. Can you help me figure out when the next available flights are?
Acme, I got snowed in at a resort and I missed my flight back home.
I wasn't able to contact the airline due to the hotels communication system being nonexistent.
Can you help me figure out when the next available flights are?
I'm sorry to hear that  you got snowed in. What's your flight number and  your departure city
I'm sorry to hear that  you got snowed in.
What's your flight number and  your departure city
Flight number: 7789 and departure city is Denver, CO
Okay I have your information and see that there are two flight options for today. 6p and 8p. Do either of those work for you?
Okay I have your information and see that there are two flight options for today.
6p and 8p.
Do either of those work for you?
6pm would be perfect
Great and I see that you're a Gold Member flyer so there will be no charge for the change. Please confirm that you received the confirmation email with your flight informatin
Great and I see that you're a Gold Member flyer so there will be no charge for the change.
Please confirm that you received the confirmation email with your flight informatin
Ok I received it! Sounds great
Ok I received it!
Sounds great
Have a safe flight
Thank you
Hello my phone service stopped working. I would like to know what is the problem with it
Hello my phone service stopped working.
I would like to know what is the problem with it
Can you help me?
What is your cell number?
5738833773
Did you Find the information?
I see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
Can you run it again?
Using the same card?
Its a visa card
Yes, I put the payment through and the credit worked. Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
Yes, I put the payment through and the credit worked.
Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
Ok Thank you
For your help
You are welcome
Hi. We ordered the Watkins Gallery dining room table from you. Delivery guy brought the WG nightstand table by mistake
Hi.
We ordered the Watkins Gallery dining room table from you.
Delivery guy brought the WG nightstand table by mistake
Can we get the right one?
I'm sorry that you had this happen. What's  you're order number?
I'm sorry that you had this happen.
What's  you're order number?
The order # is 713712
The table we ordered should be item # WG98012
I found  your order. I can have the correct table delivered in the morning Does that work
I found  your order.
I can have the correct table delivered in the morning Does that work
One of us can be here for that
We should be around all week
Great. You are confirmed Is there anything else I can do
Great.
You are confirmed Is there anything else I can do
No
Thanks for handling this
You're welcome.
Hey I ordered a dining table and when I received the package yesterday I saw it was the wrong table. What do I need to do to get the correct one sent?
Hey I ordered a dining table and when I received the package yesterday I saw it was the wrong table.
What do I need to do to get the correct one sent?
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you. What is your order number
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can help you.
What is your order number
273737avsh
Let me check on that stand by
Ok
I see your order. I am sorry for the confusion. I can have it delivered in the morning. Does that work
I see your order.
I am sorry for the confusion.
I can have it delivered in the morning.
Does that work
Yea tomorrow morning would be great. Thanks!
Yea tomorrow morning would be great.
Thanks!
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can do for you
Great.
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can do for you
No I think that's all
Have a great day.
I would like to report an issue. I ordered a new dinning table online but on its arrival I realised that wrong table has been delivered to me. I would like you to send the correct table
I would like to report an issue.
I ordered a new dinning table online but on its arrival I realised that wrong table has been delivered to me.
I would like you to send the correct table
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your order number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is your order number?
5647678
I found your order. What style table got delivered?
I found your order.
What style table got delivered?
Italian
Okay. I see the error. I can have it delivered to you in the morning.  Does that work for you>
Okay.
I see the error.
I can have it delivered to you in the morning.
Does that work for you>
Okay that will be good
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great.
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all
Okay. Have a great day
Okay.
Have a great day
Hey my cell service went out. I've got a lot to do today... I need to know why it went out and when can it be fixed
Hey my cell service went out.
I've got a lot to do today...
I need to know why it went out and when can it be fixed
What's your cell number?
Anyone there?
Anyone there
H
Hey anyone there
I asked for you cell number? Were you able to see my request
I asked for you cell number?
Were you able to see my request
Hey
Anyone there
Hahahah sh
Oh sorry it froze
3283287765
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number. Let me look what the problem could be.
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number.
Let me look what the problem could be.
Ah, I see the last payment order from the bank was declined.
Hmm can I reschedule a payment?
Sure, we can try and reschedule a payment with the details we have on the system. One moment please
Sure, we can try and reschedule a payment with the details we have on the system.
One moment please
Ok, Ben. It seems the payment was declined again. Do you maybe have another way of processing the payment?
Ok, Ben.
It seems the payment was declined again.
Do you maybe have another way of processing the payment?
I can send a check
Sending a check would take a long time to clear. Is it possible that you can go to the bank to see if they are able to understand why they are declining the payment ?
Sending a check would take a long time to clear.
Is it possible that you can go to the bank to see if they are able to understand why they are declining the payment ?
Yes I can check my bank I'll do that today thanka
Alternatively you can try downloading the app and make a payment with your Credit Card?
Which ever you prefer.
I'll go to the bank
Ok, I am sorry about this. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ok, I am sorry about this.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all thanks
I hope you have a great day further. It was a pleasure helping you.
I hope you have a great day further.
It was a pleasure helping you.
U 2
Thanks
Hi I ordered a new dining table and the one I received is not the right one. I ordered dark brown not light brown.
Hi I ordered a new dining table and the one I received is not the right one.
I ordered dark brown not light brown.
Hi Liz. I'm sorry for this error. I can assist you. What's your order number?
Hi Liz.
I'm sorry for this error.
I can assist you.
What's your order number?
988522
Okay. I see that you did order dark brown. I can have it delivered in the morning. Does that work for you/
Okay.
I see that you did order dark brown.
I can have it delivered in the morning.
Does that work for you/
Yes
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything I can help with ?
Great.
You are confirmed.
Is there anything I can help with ?
No thank you
Hey.  Just finished a call but now my phone won't call out again
Hey.
Just finished a call but now my phone won't call out again
I have wi fi just no phone
I'm sorry to hear you're having this issue. What's your cell number?
I'm sorry to hear you're having this issue.
What's your cell number?
Really bad time for this to happen.
Any idea what's up?
what is your cell number so I can research it
703 893 6304
Okay. i see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
Okay.
i see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
Right
I can put it through again if you believe this was an error
Yeah try it again
If you could
Not sure what's up
I put it through again. It may have been a keying error. your service will be back up in 10 minutres.
I put it through again.
It may have been a keying error.
your service will be back up in 10 minutres.
minutes
Cool
Thanks for that
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?"
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can do for you?"
No
Seems like it worked
Already showing a signal
Thanks
Great. Have a great day
Great.
Have a great day
Hello, i logged into my account and i saw that someone made a food order for more than 100 dollars
It was not me
Can you help me solve this issue
I Think my account was hacked
My account number is 64677
Yes, I can help. I see the order. the Company doesn't normally issue refunds but you are a loyal customer. Let me see what I can do
Yes, I can help.
I see the order.
the Company doesn't normally issue refunds but you are a loyal customer.
Let me see what I can do
Ok
I Will appreciate it if you could help me.
My supervisor authorized me to credit the whole amount and offer you and 20% discount on your next order.
Tell your supervisor Thank you very much for understanding
And Thank you for your support
You are very helpful
I will. Thank you.
I will.
Thank you.
My cell phone service has stopped working and I am only able to use wifi. Unfortunately I have a lot of business to attend to today so I need to get it fixed as soon as possible
My cell phone service has stopped working and I am only able to use wifi.
Unfortunately I have a lot of business to attend to today so I need to get it fixed as soon as possible
What is your cell number
373-282-9292
I see that you made a payment on the1st but it was declined
I see. Give me one moment to make another payment
I see.
Give me one moment to make another payment
I can do that for  you
Do you see the new payment now?
Yes, I see it. Your service should be back up in 10 minutes
Yes, I see it.
Your service should be back up in 10 minutes
Ok thanks for you help.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do
You are welcome.
Is there anything else I can do
No thanks, that takes care of it
You are welcome. Have a great dayh
You are welcome.
Have a great dayh
day
I would like to report an issue regarding my cellphone service which just stopped without any prior notice and I have a lot of admin to sort out. I would like you to resolve this problem as soon as possible
I would like to report an issue regarding my cellphone service which just stopped without any prior notice and I have a lot of admin to sort out.
I would like you to resolve this problem as soon as possible
I can assist you. What's your cell number.
I can assist you.
What's your cell number.
2525252525
I see that you made a payment on the 1st but it was declined
Yes
Is it okay for me to put the payment through again
Yes that will be fine
It went through. Your service will be up in about 10 minutes
It went through.
Your service will be up in about 10 minutes
Thank you very much
You are welcome
Hi my cellphone service just all of a sudden stopped working today and I have a lot of work to get done. I only have access to my wifi and I need it fixed quickly.
Hi my cellphone service just all of a sudden stopped working today and I have a lot of work to get done.
I only have access to my wifi and I need it fixed quickly.
I can assist you. What is your cell number
I can assist you.
What is your cell number
221-365-4552
I see that you made a payment on the first but it was declined
This has to be an error I have has plenty of funds in my account.
I will but it through again. is that alright
I will but it through again.
is that alright
Yes please
It went through. Your service will be back in about 10 minutes
It went through.
Your service will be back in about 10 minutes
Great I appreciate it!
Is there anything else I can assist you with
No thank you
I was on vacation and came back to find over 100$ has been used on my food account. I did not make these charges and want to know how you let this happen and how can you fix it
I was on vacation and came back to find over 100$ has been used on my food account.
I did not make these charges and want to know how you let this happen and how can you fix it
Hey Ben, let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your account...
Ok thanks
Ok looking at your account I see your address was change last week Friday. Then 3 orders were made to the total of $104
Ok looking at your account I see your address was change last week Friday.
Then 3 orders were made to the total of $104
are these the transactions you are referring to?
No I was on a trip and did not make them
I understand, I would just like to get an understanding of which transaction are fraudulent.
All three orders
Ok, based on your track record, I believe we should be able to help you and refund you the amount.
Give me one moment while I just confirm this with my supervisor
Ok that would be great
Ok, my supervisor agrees that we can authorize the refund
Let me do this for you, one moment please
Ok great thanks for gettin that straightened out
Ok Ben, I have authorize the refund. I would highly recommend that you change your password of your app
Ok Ben, I have authorize the refund.
I would highly recommend that you change your password of your app
If you would like I can force a password reset for your account?
Nah thanks I'll change it myself
OK Ben, I am glad I was able to assist you. Is there anything else I can  help you with?
OK Ben, I am glad I was able to assist you.
Is there anything else I can  help you with?
That's it
Great, in that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hello, i received an invoice for a contract that it is not mine
I would like to cancel it
What is the cell number associate with that contract
537-774784
It is not associated with my family either
Okay. I will suspend the number and start an investigation
Okay.
I will suspend the number and start an investigation
Thank you
You need any other information?
No, they will contact you if they need more info.
Is there anything else I can do
Thats all i want to discuss
Thank you
You are welcome. Have a welcome
You are welcome.
Have a welcome
Hello I went away this past weekend and came home to find my account was hacked and $115 in food was sent to a coffee shop down the road. I can't believe this happened, isn't the site protected? Is there anyway to reverse this issue? I have been a loyal customer a long time.
Hello I went away this past weekend and came home to find my account was hacked and $115 in food was sent to a coffee shop down the road.
I can't believe this happened, isn't the site protected?
Is there anyway to reverse this issue?
I have been a loyal customer a long time.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is your account number
88544455
I see the $115 order. The company doesn't offer refunds but because you are such a loyal customer, I will see what I can do
I see the $115 order.
The company doesn't offer refunds but because you are such a loyal customer, I will see what I can do
Ok thank you
I've been authorized to refund your money. You will see the credit in about two days.
I've been authorized to refund your money.
You will see the credit in about two days.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with
No but thank you
You are welcome.
Hey it's Dave. No order today (yet) but it looks like our food account with you got hacked over the weekend while we were out of town
Hey it's Dave.
No order today (yet) but it looks like our food account with you got hacked over the weekend while we were out of town
Someone charged like a hundred bucks worth from a coffee shop
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is your account number
Our account is 98701
Our last order was Thursday February 26
I see the order. The company doesn't give refunds but because  you are a loyal customer, I will see what I can do
I see the order.
The company doesn't give refunds but because  you are a loyal customer, I will see what I can do
Yeah if you could at least ask
Or something
Of course. I've been authorized to credit the entire amount and offer you a 20% discount on y our next order. Use the code 20% when ordering
Of course.
I've been authorized to credit the entire amount and offer you a 20% discount on y our next order.
Use the code 20% when ordering
Ok will do
Appreciate you doing something for us
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks
You are welcome
I was away for the weekend and when I checked my food account just now I see that there was a $100 order delivered to Peres coffee shop. I did not place this order!
I was away for the weekend and when I checked my food account just now I see that there was a $100 order delivered to Peres coffee shop.
I did not place this order!
I can assist you. What is your account number
I can assist you.
What is your account number
429637
Is see that order. The company doesn't give refunds but I see that you are a loyal customer so I will see what i can do
Is see that order.
The company doesn't give refunds but I see that you are a loyal customer so I will see what i can do
Ok thanks. I've been a customer for 5 years now so I appreciate that.
Ok thanks.
I've been a customer for 5 years now so I appreciate that.
I've been authorized to credit the whole amount and offer you a 20% discount on your next order .Please use code 20%
Awesome! Thanks for you help.
Awesome!
Thanks for you help.
You are welcome. Have a great day
You are welcome.
Have a great day
I went away on weekend and when I returned back I noticed that my online food ordering account has been hacked and the hacker ordered more than 100$ of food which was delivered to a local coffee shop. I want to know is there anything you can do about it ?
I went away on weekend and when I returned back I noticed that my online food ordering account has been hacked and the hacker ordered more than 100$ of food which was delivered to a local coffee shop.
I want to know is there anything you can do about it ?
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is your account number
678564786
I see the order. The company doesn't give refunds normally but I see that you are a loyal customer. Let me see what I can do.
I see the order.
The company doesn't give refunds normally but I see that you are a loyal customer.
Let me see what I can do.
Ok
I've been authorized to credit the whole amount and offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Use code 20%
I've been authorized to credit the whole amount and offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Use code 20%
Ok thank you very much
No problem. You are welcome.
No problem.
You are welcome.
I just moved and want to move my cable service to my new place. I need to contact someone and get my cable hooked up please
I just moved and want to move my cable service to my new place.
I need to contact someone and get my cable hooked up please
What is your new address
51 willow drive west Memphis ar 79678
Let me see if we service that area
Ok
We do. The next available appointment we have is march 6th.  Does that work
We do.
The next available appointment we have is march 6th.
Does that work
That would work just fine
Please confirm someone will be available between 9a and noon
I will be here
Great you are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
Great you are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with
That's it
Have a great day
Hi, I received an invoice today in the mail for an cellphone contract with ACME that I did not authorize
What is the cell number associate with that contract
6634467788
Please confirm that you or anyone else in your family didn't authorize this contract
Yes no one did
Okay. I suspended that number. I will open an investigation. You will be contacted by that team if they need further information
Okay.
I suspended that number.
I will open an investigation.
You will be contacted by that team if they need further information
Okay
Is there anything else I can help you with
No thank you
You are welcome
Hi. Can someone help me out? Just got an invoice and contract for cell service with you and I've never signed up
Hi.
Can someone help me out?
Just got an invoice and contract for cell service with you and I've never signed up
It has my name and address, but the phone number it show is different
What is the cell number associated with that contract
The one on this invoice is 212 573 3440
Don't even live in that area code
Okay. I will suspend that number and open an investigation.
Okay.
I will suspend that number and open an investigation.
Thank you
That will eventually clear me out of the system?
If they have any question they will reach out to you. There's nothing more for you to do.
If they have any question they will reach out to you.
There's nothing more for you to do.
Ok
That's fine
Thank you. Have a great day
Thank you.
Have a great day
Thanks
You are welcome
I received a bill for cell phone service that I never signed up for. I want to make sure the service is canceled.
I received a bill for cell phone service that I never signed up for.
I want to make sure the service is canceled.
I can assist you. What's the cell number associated with that contract
I can assist you.
What's the cell number associated with that contract
363-938-7373
Please confirm that no one else in your family authorized this
No one signed up for this service
Okay, I suspended that number and opened a ticket for an investigation
You will be contacted if they need more information
Ok thanks. So I can disregard this bill?
Ok thanks.
So I can disregard this bill?
Yes you can disregard it.
Is there anything else I can assist  you with
No thanks
You are welcome
Upon opening my mailbox I found an unexpected invoice from a cellular provider for a contract which I never opened. I would like you to assist me on this
Upon opening my mailbox I found an unexpected invoice from a cellular provider for a contract which I never opened.
I would like you to assist me on this
What is the number associated with that contract
2525252525
Please confirm that no one in your family authorized this contract
Yes I confirm it
Okay. I suspended that number and opened a ticket for an investigation
Okay.
I suspended that number and opened a ticket for an investigation
Thank you very much
You are welcome
My cable went out and I can't get it to work can you check on that for me
What's your account number? I will assist yhou
What's your account number?
I will assist yhou
you
9012287
Okay. Have you tried rebooting your system
Okay.
Have you tried rebooting your system
if not, please do so now.
Just did the channels have come back on!!
Just did the channels have come back on!
!
I checked your area and I do see that there is an issue that is currently being worked on. I have confirmation that it should be  resolved
I checked your area and I do see that there is an issue that is currently being worked on.
I have confirmation that it should be  resolved
Oh great. I guess they fixed the problem
Oh great.
I guess they fixed the problem
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Wait it went back off bow
Now
Okay. It should be back up within the hour. If not, please reach back out to us
Okay.
It should be back up within the hour.
If not, please reach back out to us
Ok will do
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with
That's all
Have a great day
I purchased tickets to a concert with yall. I was billed twice for the transaction?? I need one refunded pls
I purchased tickets to a concert with yall.
I was billed twice for the transaction??
I need one refunded pls
I can assist you with this. What's your order number
I can assist you with this.
What's your order number
Are you still there?
7107363bf
I've pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will credit the order and you should see your refund in about two days.
I've pulled up your order and see the double billing.
I will credit the order and you should see your refund in about two days.
Ok thanks. Any idea why I was billed twice?
Ok thanks.
Any idea why I was billed twice?
It was probably a keying error. I apologize for any inconvenience.  Is there anything else I can assist  you with?
It was probably a keying error.
I apologize for any inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can assist  you with?
Ok and that's it thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
You too
thanks
I moved to a new apartment and need to update the address on my account and schedule an appointment for installation
Hi Jackie. I can assist you. What's your new address
Hi Jackie.
I can assist you.
What's your new address
23 pine st Beverly Hills CA 90210
Okay. Let me see if we service that area
Okay.
Let me see if we service that area
Ok
Yes, we do service your area. The next available appointment is march 6th. Does that work
Yes, we do service your area.
The next available appointment is march 6th.
Does that work
Yes that would be good. What time?
Yes that would be good.
What time?
Please confirm that you would be available between 9a and noon
That will work.
Great. You are confirmed.
Great.
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should do it. Thanks.
That should do it.
Thanks.
You are welcome
When I got home from work last night none of the channels on my cable were working. I checked again just now and it's still not working.
When I got home from work last night none of the channels on my cable were working.
I checked again just now and it's still not working.
Okay, I can assist you. What is your account number?
Okay, I can assist you.
What is your account number?
GHT16376Z
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Thank you.
Have you tried rebooting your system?
I did last night and it doesn't seem to help
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area that are being worked on.
Okay.
Let me see if there are any issues in your area that are being worked on.
Ok
Yes, I see that there was an outage that started last night. But I've been told that it should be resolved within the hour.
Yes, I see that there was an outage that started last night.
But I've been told that it should be resolved within the hour.
Ok sounds good. If it's not fixed within a few hours I should message you again?
Ok sounds good.
If it's not fixed within a few hours I should message you again?
Yes. That would be best. But I think the problem with resolve itself after they finish working on the problem.
Yes.
That would be best.
But I think the problem with resolve itself after they finish working on the problem.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks. That should be all
Thanks.
That should be all
You're welcome
I bought tickets to the Rolling Stones show for next Thursday and when I checked my bank account I saw that I was double charged.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. I'm happy to assist  you. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue.
I'm happy to assist  you.
What's your order number?
1737472
Thank you for that information.
I pulled up your order and see that you were double billed. I will credit that second charge and you should see the refund in your account in the next two days.
I pulled up your order and see that you were double billed.
I will credit that second charge and you should see the refund in your account in the next two days.
Ok great. I appreciate it.
Ok great.
I appreciate it.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
That's all
Have a great day.
None of my cable TV channels are working! What the heck???
None of my cable TV channels are working!
What the heck??
?
Help!!
Help!
!
Hi Joe. I'm sorry to hear you are having this problem. What's your account number?
Hi Joe.
I'm sorry to hear you are having this problem.
What's your account number?
4783157843
Also, have you tried rebooting your system?
Thank you for that information. I am looking to see if there have been any issues we are currently working on in your area.
Thank you for that information.
I am looking to see if there have been any issues we are currently working on in your area.
Yep four times
Ok
Okay. I see that they are working on an outage in your area but it should be resolved within the hour.
Okay.
I see that they are working on an outage in your area but it should be resolved within the hour.
Oh good to hear!
If it doesn't resolve itself. Please reach back out to us.
If it doesn't resolve itself.
Please reach back out to us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks!
okay. Have a great day.
okay.
Have a great day.
I was snowed in at my ski resort and missed my flight. The storm also caused the phone system to go down so I could not make arrangements until now. I want to see when the next available flight is.
I was snowed in at my ski resort and missed my flight.
The storm also caused the phone system to go down so I could not make arrangements until now.
I want to see when the next available flight is.
I'm sorry to hear that you were snowed in. I can assist with getting you another flight. What was your flight number and departure city?
I'm sorry to hear that you were snowed in.
I can assist with getting you another flight.
What was your flight number and departure city?
Flight 3738 Denver
Thank you. I see that there are two more flights leaving Denver today. 6p and 9p. Do any of those work for you?
Thank you.
I see that there are two more flights leaving Denver today.
6p and 9p.
Do any of those work for you?
Yes 6pm would be great
Fantastic. I also see that you are a Gold Club Member so there is no additional charge for the change. Please check your inbox for the flight confirmatino
Fantastic.
I also see that you are a Gold Club Member so there is no additional charge for the change.
Please check your inbox for the flight confirmatino
confirmation
Thanks a lot. I just got the confirmation.
Thanks a lot.
I just got the confirmation.
You're welcome. Have a safe flight.
You're welcome.
Have a safe flight.
I moved and I need to update my address and order an install
okay. I can help you. What is your new address.
okay.
I can help you.
What is your new address.
3333 3rd street apt num 3 thirdville, Il, 36853
Thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
Thank you.
Let me see if we service your area.
Ok
Yes, we do. The next available appointment is March 6th. Does that day work for you?
Yes, we do.
The next available appointment is March 6th.
Does that day work for you?
Yes!
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon on the 6th
Yes for sure!
Great. You are confirmed for the 6th between 9a and noon.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
You are confirmed for the 6th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it
Okay. Have a great rest of your day.
Okay.
Have a great rest of your day.
I purchased tickets to see Kid Rock and you guys charged me twice! I need a refund for one!
I purchased tickets to see Kid Rock and you guys charged me twice!
I need a refund for one!
I'm sorry for this error. I will assist you. What's your order number?
I'm sorry for this error.
I will assist you.
What's your order number?
367522
Thank you. Let me take a look at your order.
Thank you.
Let me take a look at your order.
Ok
I see your order and that you were billed twice. I will refund the second charge. You will see the credit within two days.
I see your order and that you were billed twice.
I will refund the second charge.
You will see the credit within two days.
Ok thanks
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
okay. Have a great rest of your day.
okay.
Have a great rest of your day.
I got snowed in and missed my flight. I want to let the airline now why and find the next flight!
I got snowed in and missed my flight.
I want to let the airline now why and find the next flight!
Please help!
Hello, let me assist you.
Ok
What is your flight number and departure city?
Flight 777 depart Atlanta
Thank you for that information. I see there are two more flights this evening leaving Atlanta. 5p and 9p. Do either of those work for you?
Thank you for that information.
I see there are two more flights this evening leaving Atlanta.
5p and 9p.
Do either of those work for you?
Yes 5 pm works
Great. I also see that you are a Gold Member Flyer. So, there is no additional charge for the change. Please confirm that you've received the confirmation of your flight information to your email
Great.
I also see that you are a Gold Member Flyer.
So, there is no additional charge for the change.
Please confirm that you've received the confirmation of your flight information to your email
Ok one sec
Yes I did
Great. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope
Thank you and have a safe flight
Acme, I recently ordered a new dining table and when
It arrived, it was the wrong one. I need you to send me the right one
It arrived, it was the wrong one.
I need you to send me the right one
Can you help me?
Hi. I can assist.
Hi.
I can assist.
What is your order number?
33266765
Okay. Thank you for that information. Let me pull up your order.
Okay.
Thank you for that information.
Let me pull up your order.
Ok
Please describe the table that was actually delivered to you>
It was a metal/ stainless steel looking table
The one I ordered was oak
Okay. I see your order and have located your table. I can have it delivered first thing in the morning.  Does that work for you?
Okay.
I see your order and have located your table.
I can have it delivered first thing in the morning.
Does that work for you?
Absolutely!
Great. Your delivery is confirmed for tomorrow by 9am. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
Your delivery is confirmed for tomorrow by 9am.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No everything's great. Thank you
No everything's great.
Thank you
You're welcome.
I bought a dining table and you guys sent the wrong one! Please fix this!!!
I bought a dining table and you guys sent the wrong one!
Please fix this!!
!
I'm happy to assist you. What is your order number?
I'm happy to assist you.
What is your order number?
4325
Thank you for that information. What does the table you received look like
Thank you for that information.
What does the table you received look like
It's a glass table
Okay. I see the error and where your table was delivered. I can have it delivered to you first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
Okay.
I see the error and where your table was delivered.
I can have it delivered to you first thing in the morning.
Does that work for you?
Ok
Great. You are confirmed for delivery tomorrow morning by 9am.
Great.
You are confirmed for delivery tomorrow morning by 9am.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ok thanks!
No
Have a great day.
Hi acme, my cell phone service recently stopped. I really need it for the business I do. My wifi works fine, but I had no prior notice of my cell service being cut off. How quickly can you resolve this?
Hi acme, my cell phone service recently stopped.
I really need it for the business I do.
My wifi works fine, but I had no prior notice of my cell service being cut off.
How quickly can you resolve this?
I'm sorry you are having this issue. I will be happy to assist you.
I'm sorry you are having this issue.
I will be happy to assist you.
Great
What is your cell phone number
382-556-2933
I've pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Oh it's probably because I got a new credit card. I will update that immediately
Oh it's probably because I got a new credit card.
I will update that immediately
Okay. Would you like to do that now and I will put the payment through?
Okay.
Would you like to do that now and I will put the payment through?
No I will take care of it later tonight, I don't feel comfortable giving payment info over the phone
Understood. But your cell service will not be turned back on until you make the payment.
Understood.
But your cell service will not be turned back on until you make the payment.
I understand. I will take care of it asap
I understand.
I will take care of it asap
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
You're welcome.
My phone service just stopped working! Why????
My phone service just stopped working!
Why???
?
I'm sorry that you are having this issue. I will assist you. What is your cell number
I'm sorry that you are having this issue.
I will assist you.
What is your cell number
555-245-6437
Okay. I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Okay.
I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Oh
Can you try again?
Yes, I'll be happy to put the payment through again.
Thanks
It worked this time. Your service should be back on in about 10 m inutes.
It worked this time.
Your service should be back on in about 10 m inutes.
Awesome!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
Okay. Have a great rest of your day.
Okay.
Have a great rest of your day.
Acme, I recently came back from vacation to discover that my online food delivery account had been hacked. The hackers ordered over $100 worth of food to the coffee shop near my house. How could this of happened, and what are you willing to do to fix it?
Acme, I recently came back from vacation to discover that my online food delivery account had been hacked.
The hackers ordered over $100 worth of food to the coffee shop near my house.
How could this of happened, and what are you willing to do to fix it?
Hello Ryan. I'm sorry to hear about this issue. I'll be happy to assist you.
Hello Ryan.
I'm sorry to hear about this issue.
I'll be happy to assist you.
What is your account number?
336572
Thank  you for that information
I do see this $100 charge. The company doesn't normally offer any refunds but I see that you are a loyal customer. Thank you for that.  Let me see what I can do,.
I do see this $100 charge.
The company doesn't normally offer any refunds but I see that you are a loyal customer.
Thank you for that.
Let me see what I can do,.
Ok
I've been authorized to credit the $100 and also offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20% when ordering. I also suggest that you change your password.
I've been authorized to credit the $100 and also offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Please use code 20% when ordering.
I also suggest that you change your password.
I have already changed it. Thank you! That was very gracious of you all
I have already changed it.
Thank you!
That was very gracious of you all
No problem. We thank you for your patronage. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No problem.
We thank you for your patronage.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you!
You're welcome.
I went away on on trip and when I came back some darn hacker had broken into my acct and spent $100!! Please fix this!!!
I went away on on trip and when I came back some darn hacker had broken into my acct and spent $100!!
Please fix this!!
!
Hi Jose. I'm sorry you are had this issue. I'm happy to assist you with this.  What is your account number?
Hi Jose.
I'm sorry you are had this issue.
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What is your account number?
635784
Thank you for this information. Standby while I review your account.
Thank you for this information.
Standby while I review your account.
Ok
I see the $100 charge. The company normally doesn't offer any refunds but I see that you are a very loyal customer. Let me talk to my supervisor and see what can be done.
I see the $100 charge.
The company normally doesn't offer any refunds but I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Let me talk to my supervisor and see what can be done.
ok
I've been authorized to credit the full $100 charge and offer you a 20% discount. Please use code 20% when ordering.
I've been authorized to credit the full $100 charge and offer you a 20% discount.
Please use code 20% when ordering.
Ok sounds great!
I there anything else I can help you with today?
No
okay. Have a great rest of your day.
okay.
Have a great rest of your day.
Acme, I got an invoice in the mall today for a cell phone contract that I never opened! Can you help me cancel this contract?
Acme, I got an invoice in the mall today for a cell phone contract that I never opened!
Can you help me cancel this contract?
I'm happy to help you. What is the cell number associated with that contract?
I'm happy to help you.
What is the cell number associated with that contract?
382-556-2933
Please confirm that no one in your family authorized this contract
Ok I asked the only person that would of and she said no
Okay. Thank you for that confirmation . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket for investigation.
Okay.
Thank you for that confirmation .
I have suspended that number and opened a ticket for investigation.
Great
That team will reach out to you directly should they have any questions or need more information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok sounds good
No everything's great thanks
You're welcome.
Today in my mailbox there was an invoice for a cell phone company! I never even opened up the contract. Please fix this!
Today in my mailbox there was an invoice for a cell phone company!
I never even opened up the contract.
Please fix this!
Okay. I'm happy to assist you with this issue. What's the cell number associated with this contract.
Okay.
I'm happy to assist you with this issue.
What's the cell number associated with this contract.
452-537-5326
Thank you for that information.
Please confirm that no one in your household authorized this contract
No one!
Okay. I have suspended this number and will open a ticket for an investigation.
Okay.
I have suspended this number and will open a ticket for an investigation.
Great! Thanks!
Great!
Thanks!
That team will reach out to you directly should they need any further information and to let you know the resolution
Ok
Jose, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
Thank you and have a great rest of your day.
Hey
Hey
hey
Hey
Hi I've just moved to a new place.  I need to update my address and also we do not have cabling at my new address so we require installation. Can you please assist?
Hi I've just moved to a new place.
I need to update my address and also we do not have cabling at my new address so we require installation.
Can you please assist?
Good morning. I'll be happy to help you with this. What's your new address.
Good morning.
I'll be happy to help you with this.
What's your new address.
My new address is 427 Madison ave New York NY 10022
Thank you for that information. I need to make sure you're area is serviceable. Standby
Thank you for that information.
I need to make sure you're area is serviceable.
Standby
Okay. I have you in the system. The first available appointment is March 7th does that work for you?
Okay.
I have you in the system.
The first available appointment is March 7th does that work for you?
Yes sure no problem.
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon on the 7th
Great.
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon on the 7th
Yes I can be home for that
Okay, you are confirmed for the 7th.
Great thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thank you
You're welcome.
I moved to a new apartment so I need to update the address on my account. I also need to schedule an appointment for installation at the new address.
I moved to a new apartment so I need to update the address on my account.
I also need to schedule an appointment for installation at the new address.
Good morning Beth. I'll be happy to help you with this. What's your new address.
Good morning Beth.
I'll be happy to help you with this.
What's your new address.
373 Elm ST Denver CO 26172
Great. Let me see if your area is in our service area
Great.
Let me see if your area is in our service area
Ok
Yes, and the first available appointment is on March 7th. Does that work?
Yes, and the first available appointment is on March 7th.
Does that work?
Yes that's good. What time would they be coming?
Yes that's good.
What time would they be coming?
Between 9a and noon. Please confirm that someone will be home at that time
Between 9a and noon.
Please confirm that someone will be home at that time
I will be here
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all. Thanks.
No that's all.
Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Thanks you too
Hi I have recently moved to a new apartment and need to get new installation of cabling at my new address
Hi I can help you. What's your new addres.
Hi I can help you.
What's your new addres.
address
473 holland Rd Apt# 546 Hallsville, CA 56778
thank you. Let me see if that is a serviceable area
thank you.
Let me see if that is a serviceable area
Okay thank you
Yes, it is. The first available appointment we have is March 7th. does that work for you/
Yes, it is.
The first available appointment we have is March 7th.
does that work for you/
Yes it doea
Does*
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Great.
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Yes I will be home
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you.
You're welcome
Hi, I just moved to a new apartment and need to update my address and get new installation
Good morning Bill, I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Good morning Bill, I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address
1350 knight st. Apt 202. Dallas,TX.
1350 knight st.
Apt 202.
Dallas,TX.
Let me see if that area is one that we service
Yes, it is. The first available appointment we have is March 7th. Does that work for you?
Yes, it is.
The first available appointment we have is March 7th.
Does that work for you?
Yes that works
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Great.
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Yes
You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all
Have a great day
Hi can you please help?  None of my cable tv channels are working.
Hi can you please help?
None of my cable tv channels are working.
Yes, I can help. What's your account number?
Yes, I can help.
What's your account number?
174638424
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting the system? if not, please do that now.
Thank you.
Have you tried rebooting the system?
if not, please do that now.
No I have not let me give that a shot.
Okay that seems to have worked thank you!  All working now.
Okay that seems to have worked thank you!
All working now.
That's great. It's nice when it's an easy fix .
That's great.
It's nice when it's an easy fix .
Is there anything else I can help you with
No that's it thank you for your help!
You're welcom
welcome
Hi! I've moved and I need to update my address and get a new install please.
Hi!
I've moved and I need to update my address and get a new install please.
Good morning, I can help you with that. What's your new address?
Good morning, I can help you with that.
What's your new address?
43 elm street apt B fairview Wi, 68853
Thanks for that information. Let me see  if you are in a serviceable area
Thanks for that information.
Let me see  if you are in a serviceable area
Ik
Ok
Yes, it is. The next available appointment is March 7th. Does that work
Yes, it is.
The next available appointment is March 7th.
Does that work
Yes!
Great. Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Great.
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Yes
Great you are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
Great you are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Nope
Have a great day
Hello, my cable isn't working can you help me figure out why I can't get any channels?
Yes, I can help with that. What is your account number?
Yes, I can help with that.
What is your account number?
89965554
I see that there is an outage in your area. They say that it will be resolved within the hour
I see that there is an outage in your area.
They say that it will be resolved within the hour
Great thank you!
Is there anything else I can assist you with
No thanks
You're welcome
I'm having trouble with my tv service. None of the channels are working and this has been going on for a few hours now.
I'm having trouble with my tv service.
None of the channels are working and this has been going on for a few hours now.
I'm sorry you are having that issue. I'm happy to assist you with that. What's your account number?
I'm sorry you are having that issue.
I'm happy to assist you with that.
What's your account number?
fhf1636265
Okay. thanks. have you tried rebooting the system?
Okay.
thanks.
have you tried rebooting the system?
I did and that did not solve the problem
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Okay.
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Ok
There is an outage in your area and I'm told it will be resolved within the hour.
Ok thanks. Hopefully they fix it soon.
Ok thanks.
Hopefully they fix it soon.
Is there anything else I can assist you wtih
No thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi. None of my TV channels are working
Hi.
None of my TV channels are working
Good morning. I'm sorry you are having this issue. I can help you. What's your account number
Good morning.
I'm sorry you are having this issue.
I can help you.
What's your account number
35643987
Have you tried rebooting the system?
No
I just rebooted and looks like that fixed it
Great. I'm glad that fixed your problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
Great.
I'm glad that fixed your problem.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today
That's all thanks
You're welcome
Hi! Probably should've done this last week.  Just moved into new place.
Hi!
Probably should've done this last week.
Just moved into new place.
Need to get internet service installed here
Also need to update billing address.
Okay, I can help you with this. What's your address
Okay, I can help you with this.
What's your address
New address is 512 Wortham ave
Fairfax VA
21035
Let me see if you're in a serviceable area
Thanks
Would hate to switch
We are good. The first appointment available is on March 7th. Does that work
We are good.
The first appointment available is on March 7th.
Does that work
Ok. That works. I should mention that this house doesn't have any cabling
Ok. That works.
I should mention that this house doesn't have any cabling
Already set up I mean
Installer may need time
That's okay, they will bring all they need to set you up. Please confirm someone will be there between 9a and noon
That's okay, they will bring all they need to set you up.
Please confirm someone will be there between 9a and noon
I'll work from home that day and expect them then
Thanks
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
Have a great day
Hi I recently purchased tickets to see Taylor swift online and it looks like I was double charged.  Can you please refund one of transactions?
Hi I recently purchased tickets to see Taylor swift online and it looks like I was double charged.
Can you please refund one of transactions?
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue.
What's your order number?
5796492
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing.
I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Are you still there?
Hi are you still there
Yes, I sent you a message. do you see it?
Yes, I sent you a message.
do you see it?
I see it now.  Lost connection for a second.
I see it now.
Lost connection for a second.
Thanks for processing the refund!
Okay, great. Is there anything else I can assist you with>
Okay, great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with>
No that's it thank you!
You're welcome
Hi. Just noticed I was double charged for the concert tickets I purchased
Hi.
Just noticed I was double charged for the concert tickets I purchased
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm happy to help, What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm happy to help, What's your order number?
6474477437a
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing.
I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Great
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all
Have a great day
Hi, I recently ordered tickets online to see a concert and I looked at my bank statement to see I was double charged. Can one of the charges be taken off please.
Hi, I recently ordered tickets online to see a concert and I looked at my bank statement to see I was double charged.
Can one of the charges be taken off please.
I can help you with this. What's your order number?
I can help you with this.
What's your order number?
456687744
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing.
I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No but thank you
You're welcom
I ordered tickets from your website but I was double charged. I wanted to be refunded for the extra charge
I ordered tickets from your website but I was double charged.
I wanted to be refunded for the extra charge
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help. What's your order number
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can help.
What's your order number
5252626
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing. I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Okay, I pulled up your order and see the double billing.
I will refund that and you will see the credit within the next two days.
Ok thanks for your help
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's it
Have a great day
Hi, I was vacationing at a resort that got snowed in this past weekend and I missed my flight. I would like to get on the next available flight please.
Hi, I was vacationing at a resort that got snowed in this past weekend and I missed my flight.
I would like to get on the next available flight please.
Good morning. I'm sorry to hear that. I'm happy to help. what's your departure city and flight number?
Good morning.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm happy to help.
what's your departure city and flight number?
St. Louis flight # 5466
Thank you for that information. I see that there are two flights that are available. one at 12p and 2p today. Do either of those work for you?
Thank you for that information.
I see that there are two flights that are available.
one at 12p and 2p today.
Do either of those work for you?
Yes 2pm works thank you
Great. And, because you are a Gold Member Flyer, there's no extra charge for the change.
Great.
And, because you are a Gold Member Flyer, there's no extra charge for the change.
Great!
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
None of my cable channels are working! What is going on????
None of my cable channels are working!
What is going on???
?
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can help.
What's your account number?
753689
have you tried rebooting the system?
Yes
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in the area.
Ok
yes, I see that there is an outage nearby.  I understand that they are working on it now and it should be resolved within the hours.
yes, I see that there is an outage nearby.
I understand that they are working on it now and it should be resolved within the hours.
hour
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Okay. Have a great day
Okay.
Have a great day
I missed my flight yesterday because I was snowed in and the phone system was down so I was unable to make arrangements until now. I need to change to the next available flight.
I missed my flight yesterday because I was snowed in and the phone system was down so I was unable to make arrangements until now.
I need to change to the next available flight.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you. What's your flight number and departure city?
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can help you.
What's your flight number and departure city?
3727 Bangor Maine
Okay. I see that there are two flight 2p and noon today. Do either of those work for you?
Okay.
I see that there are two flight 2p and noon today.
Do either of those work for you?
Yes, noon would be better for me.
Great and because you are a Gold Member Flyer there will be no additional charge for this change
Cool. Thank you
Cool.
Thank you
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
You're welcome.
Have a safe flight
Hi I've been snowed in at a holiday resort and I missed my flight with acme.  I just wanted to let you know and find out when the next available flights might be?
Hi I've been snowed in at a holiday resort and I missed my flight with acme.
I just wanted to let you know and find out when the next available flights might be?
I'm flying out of Toronto Canada. Heading to Chicago llinois
I'm flying out of Toronto Canada.
Heading to Chicago llinois
I'm sorry to hear that happened to you. I'm happy to assist. What's your flight number?
I'm sorry to hear that happened to you.
I'm happy to assist.
What's your flight number?
Flight number is 47827
Hmmm. It seems that the flights are canceled for the next two days. The earliest will be March 7th. I have a standby at 9a and a flight at noon. Do either of those work for you?
Hmmm.
It seems that the flights are canceled for the next two days.
The earliest will be March 7th.
I have a standby at 9a and a flight at noon.
Do either of those work for you?
Let's do the noon one please I am not an early riser :)
Okay, I will book you at noon on march 7th. Please look in your inbox and confirm that you receive your flight confirmation
Okay, I will book you at noon on march 7th.
Please look in your inbox and confirm that you receive your flight confirmation
Okay let me check
did you receive the email?
Yup got it!
Great. You are confirmed. There will be a $125 change fee. Shall I put it through with the card you have on file?
Great.
You are confirmed.
There will be a $125 change fee.
Shall I put it through with the card you have on file?
Yes that is no problem.
Thank you. It went through. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you.
It went through.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that will be all thank you
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
You're welcome.
Have a safe flight
Hi. Is there service going on in my area? Just lost all my cable channels
Hi.
Is there service going on in my area?
Just lost all my cable channels
Just says No Signal
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist.
What's your account number?
Thx
Please provide me with your account number.
510152025303640
Thanks for that information. Have you tried rebooting the system
Thanks for that information.
Have you tried rebooting the system
Yeah just did
No go
Okay, how long ago?
Just within last few minutes
Tried unplugging cable box at wall
Still nothing
Okay, thanks for trying again. Let me see if there are any issues in your area
Okay, thanks for trying again.
Let me see if there are any issues in your area
Thanks
There are no issues in your area. We'll have to have a technician come out to fix your problem.
There are no issues in your area.
We'll have to have a technician come out to fix your problem.
Ok
What's earliest?
The first appointment we have is tomorrow afternoon between 2p - 5p
Does that work?
Yeah I'll be here
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
Have a great day
I purchase tickets to a live show and I just saw that I was charged twice please refund one ticket
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue.
What's your order number?
53367
Thank you for that information. I pulled up your order. I don't see a double bill, I see two tickets purchased one for march 7th and one for march 8th
Thank you for that information.
I pulled up your order.
I don't see a double bill, I see two tickets purchased one for march 7th and one for march 8th
I just need the 7th
I understand. Unfortunately, since you purchased two tickets on two different days, we can't offer  you a refund.
I understand.
Unfortunately, since you purchased two tickets on two different days, we can't offer  you a refund.
It was an error though!
On your side!
Okay, let me look into this further. Stand by
Okay, let me look into this further.
Stand by
Ik
Ok
I don't see an error on our end. But, I see that you order tickets from our site often. Let me talk to my supervisor to see if there's anything we can do
I don't see an error on our end.
But, I see that you order tickets from our site often.
Let me talk to my supervisor to see if there's anything we can do
Ok thanks!
I got the authorization to give you a credit for the amount of the second ticket. Unfortunately, I can't refund the money
I got the authorization to give you a credit for the amount of the second ticket.
Unfortunately, I can't refund the money
Ok that will work. Thanks!
Ok that will work.
Thanks!
Okay, I'm glad we were able to resolve this. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay, I'm glad we were able to resolve this.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it.
thank you. Have a great day.
thank you.
Have a great day.
Hi. I bought two tickets to the Wizards game on March 30th online yesterday and think I got double charged
Hi.
I bought two tickets to the Wizards game on March 30th online yesterday and think I got double charged
Can you check?
Hi. I'm happy to help. Please stand by
Hi.
I'm happy to help.
Please stand by
Both are same amount $88
What's you order number
4343981-345
Okay, thank you. I pulled up your order and see that there  are two tickets ordered. Both for $88 but the other ticket but the other order is for different seats on the same day.
Okay, thank you.
I pulled up your order and see that there  are two tickets ordered.
Both for $88 but the other ticket but the other order is for different seats on the same day.
So can we fix this?
Just need the two
So, two sets of two tickets. One Row F seats, 12 and 13. The others are Row W 14 and 15
So, two sets of two tickets.
One Row F seats, 12 and 13.
The others are Row W 14 and 15
Yes
Wait just one set is what I need
Okay, first, please confirm which seats you want
The Row F seats just 2 of them
Let me see what we can do. Please stand by
Let me see what we can do.
Please stand by
Ok thanks
Unfortunately, since it appears you ordered both tickets we can't offer a refund. But, I see that you do order tickets often from our site so let me see if there's anything else we can do
Unfortunately, since it appears you ordered both tickets we can't offer a refund.
But, I see that you do order tickets often from our site so let me see if there's anything else we can do
Yeah anything you can do would help
Okay, I've been authorized to offer you a credit for the $88 to use on your next purchase
Awesome
That's acceptable
Appreciate you doing that
Great/ O
oops... Great, I'm glad I was able to resolve the issue.
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with
No
Have a great day and I hope your team wind
wins
I was snowed in and I missed my flight. I need to let the airline know why and find when the next flight is.
I was snowed in and I missed my flight.
I need to let the airline know why and find when the next flight is.
Good Morning. I'm sorry to hear that you got snowed in. I'm happy to help you. What was your flight number  and departure city
Good Morning.
I'm sorry to hear that you got snowed in.
I'm happy to help you.
What was your flight number  and departure city
#5477 city was Fargo
Thank you for that information. I did see that Fargo, got 20 inches of snow.
Thank you for that information.
I did see that Fargo, got 20 inches of snow.
Lol yes!
Unfortunately, the next flights out aren't until tomorrow and the are both standby. Which is better for you? 9a or noon
Unfortunately, the next flights out aren't until tomorrow and the are both standby.
Which is better for you?
9a or noon
9 please
Okay. You are confirmed for 9am march 6th. Please be there early to help your chances of getting on that flight.
Okay.
You are confirmed for 9am march 6th.
Please be there early to help your chances of getting on that flight.
Ok I will!
I just sent your flight confirmation. Please check your inbox and confirm you received it.
I just sent your flight confirmation.
Please check your inbox and confirm you received it.
Ok one sec
It's there!
Great,  you are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Thanks!
No
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
You're welcome.
Have a safe flight
No tv channels are working . Please let me know what is the problem?
No tv channels are working .
Please let me know what is the problem?
I'm sorry to hear you are having that issue. I can assist you. What's your account number
I'm sorry to hear you are having that issue.
I can assist you.
What's your account number
8762159815
Have you tried rebooting the system
Yes
When did you last try
5 minutes before
Please try again while I'm on with you
Okay
Yes, now working
Okay, that
is great. Please confirm that your channel is coming in clearly
is great.
Please confirm that your channel is coming in clearly
Yes. Working good
Yes.
Working good
Very good. I'm glad it got resolved quickly.
Very good.
I'm glad it got resolved quickly.
Thank you
I noticed that you are currently over due on your monthly payment. Can  you make  a payment today?
I noticed that you are currently over due on your monthly payment.
Can  you make  a payment today?
Okay . I will
Okay .
I will
I'm happy to make that payment for you. Can I charge your card on file. $175 to bring you up to date?
I'm happy to make that payment for you.
Can I charge your card on file.
$175 to bring you up to date?
Okay . I will pay today
Okay .
I will pay today
I'm sorry, to be clear. You'll make the payment on your own... I won't put it through for you now.
I'm sorry, to be clear.
You'll make the payment on your own...
I won't put it through for you now.
Yes. I'd like to pay my own
Yes.
I'd like to pay my own
Understood. Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today
Understood.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
No thanks.
Have a great day
Hi. I think we're in a real bind.  We got snowed in at Keystone and missed our flight home last night.
Hi.
I think we're in a real bind.
We got snowed in at Keystone and missed our flight home last night.
Just now got close enough to Denver to get a signal
Will be at airport in Ten minutes
Good morning. I'm sorry to hear that you got snowed in. What was your flight number?
Good morning.
I'm sorry to hear that you got snowed in.
What was your flight number?
Any way to get us on a flight to DC today?
Can be Dulles or BWI or Reagan.
I will try. What are the names of the passengers?
I will try.
What are the names of the passengers?
Rick carter is my name. My wife is Jess Carter
Rick carter is my name.
My wife is Jess Carter
We were booked on USAir 678 last night. At 8pm
We were booked on USAir 678 last night.
At 8pm
Okay. Let me see if there's anything available. Please standby
Okay.
Let me see if there's anything available.
Please standby
Thanks
There is a standby flight at 1p today. does that work? if not, there's a flight I can put you on at 6p
There is a standby flight at 1p today.
does that work?
if not, there's a flight I can put you on at 6p
We can try the standby
If we can't get on we will figure it out
And try the later flight
Hmmm. I see that you are a Gold Member Flyer. I am able to get you on the 1p flight and can offer you either coach or for $50 each and upgrade to First class
Hmmm.
I see that you are a Gold Member Flyer.
I am able to get you on the 1p flight and can offer you either coach or for $50 each and upgrade to First class
Oh let's do the upgrade
We need it after the last two days!
Fantastic. I will bill your card on file.
Fantastic.
I will bill your card on file.
Excellent
Thanks
Please look in your inbox for confirmation and let me know when you received it
Just popped up
Got it
Great. have a safe flight.
Great.
have a safe flight.
Thanks a ton for your help!
You're welcome
Hi. I purchased a dining table recently, but the wrong table arrived.
Hi.
I purchased a dining table recently, but the wrong table arrived.
I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. What is your order number
I'm so sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
What is your order number
57750007
Okay, let me look into this. Please stand by
Okay, let me look into this.
Please stand by
Ok
Which table did you receive?
I received an oak table. I ordered the cherry table
I received an oak table.
I ordered the cherry table
I pulled up your order and I see the issue. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have the table delivered first thing in the morning.
I pulled up your order and I see the issue.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I can have the table delivered first thing in the morning.
Perfect
Okay. did the driver leave it in the box?
Okay.
did the driver leave it in the box?
Yes
Great. You are confirmed for delivery tomorrow between 9a and 11a
Great.
You are confirmed for delivery tomorrow between 9a and 11a
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with
That is all
Okay. Have a great day
Okay.
Have a great day
Hey I ordered a dining table but the wrong table was delivered to me. When can the right one be delivered?
Hey I ordered a dining table but the wrong table was delivered to me.
When can the right one be delivered?
I'm sorry to hear that. I can assist you. What's your order number ?
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can assist you.
What's your order number ?
4734
Okay, give me a minute to research this.
Ok
yes, you are in our area. the next available appointment is march 9th
yes, you are in our area.
the next available appointment is march 9th
That's when it will be delivered?
No, sorry. We can have it delivered first thing in the morning. Does that work
No, sorry.
We can have it delivered first thing in the morning.
Does that work
Yes that will work
Okay great. You're confirmed for delivery tomorrow morning between 9a and 11a
Okay great.
You're confirmed for delivery tomorrow morning between 9a and 11a
Ok thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi , I have relocated so I need new installation of my internet connection
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Good morning.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address?
125 Lincoln avenue Los Angels 90019
Thanks for that information. is there an apartment number
Thanks for that information.
is there an apartment number
12A
Okay. Let me see if you are in our service area
Okay.
Let me see if you are in our service area
Okay
yes, you are. The next available appointment is March 9th. Does that work
yes, you are.
The next available appointment is March 9th.
Does that work
Yeah I will be available on March 9th
Okay, please look in your inbox for the confirmation and try to call 24 hours in advance if you need to reschedule
Okay sure Thanks
Do I need to pay any extra?
There is no charge for installation.
Thank you
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today
No . Thanks
No .
Thanks
You're welcome have a great day
Hi! I purchased a dining table online but you guys sent the wrong one! Please help!
Hi!
I purchased a dining table online but you guys sent the wrong one!
Please help!
I'm sorry to hear this happened. I'm happy to help you. What's your order number
I'm sorry to hear this happened.
I'm happy to help you.
What's your order number
478326
what table did you receive?
A glass table!
Hmmm I see that you ordered a glass table. The bottom has metal legs in  your order.
Hmmm I see that you ordered a glass table.
The bottom has metal legs in  your order.
This one has wooden legs!
Okay, I see. I apologize for inconvenience. I can have your table to you first thing in the morning. Does that work
Okay, I see.
I apologize for inconvenience.
I can have your table to you first thing in the morning.
Does that work
Yes that works thanks!
Great. They will also pick up the glass table that was mis-delivered.
Great.
They will also pick up the glass table that was mis-delivered.
You are confirmed for delivery between 9a and 11a
Ok sounds good!
Ok
I will be there!
Very good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Very good.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope
Okay. Have a great day
Okay.
Have a great day
Hi. My cell service just stopped working for no reason. For now I have wifi access but really need this sorted out real soon
Hi.
My cell service just stopped working for no reason.
For now I have wifi access but really need this sorted out real soon
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your cell number
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your cell number
3189180808
I have pulled up your information. It appears that  you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
I have pulled up your information.
It appears that  you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Ok. Can we run it again. There's money in the account to cover the payment.
Ok. Can we run it again.
There's money in the account to cover the payment.
Sure. I'm happy to charge the account we have on file.
Sure.
I'm happy to charge the account we have on file.
Ok
Hmmm, it was declined again. The account on file ends in 6917 with an expiration date of 4/15
Hmmm, it was declined again.
The account on file ends in 6917 with an expiration date of 4/15
Is that correct
No. Expiration is 4/16
No.
Expiration is 4/16
Okay. Please go into your online account and update your information. Let me know when that's complete and I can run the payment again. I'll hold.
Okay.
Please go into your online account and update your information.
Let me know when that's complete and I can run the payment again.
I'll hold.
Ok it's been updated.
Great. You are fast! I'm putting the payment through now.
Great.
You are fast!
I'm putting the payment through now.
Great
It went through this time. confirmation # 4590305304
It went through this time.
confirmation # 4590305304
Is there anything else I can help you with today
That is all
Have a great day
My cell service is not working and I need to see about getting it fixed as soon as possible please
Good morning Dave. I'm sorry to hear that you are having this issues. What's your cell number?
Good morning Dave.
I'm sorry to hear that you are having this issues.
What's your cell number?
555-666-5555
Thank you for that information. Give me a moment to look  into it.
Thank you for that information.
Give me a moment to look  into it.
Ok
Okay, I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Oh wow. Let me make another payment
Oh wow.
Let me make another payment
would  you like me to put the payment through for you?
Yes that would be goid
Hmmm. I put the payment through but it was declined again. the card we have on file ends in 7895 and the expiration date is 4/15
Hmmm.
I put the payment through but it was declined again.
the card we have on file ends in 7895 and the expiration date is 4/15
are you still there
Yes can we use a different card
sure. Please go online and update your information. I'll hold
sure.
Please go online and update your information.
I'll hold
Ok I put a different card in
Great. I will run it now. Standby
Great.
I will run it now.
Standby
Ok
it went through. Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
it went through.
Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
Ok thank you
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all
Have a great day
Hi
I've purchased ticket for the live performance . It got double charged .
I've purchased ticket for the live performance .
It got double charged .
Hello. I'm sorry you had this issue. I'm happy to assist. What's your order number?
Hello.
I'm sorry you had this issue.
I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number?
02213458462
Let me look into this for you.
Ok
I'm sorry, I don't see that order number. Please confirm the number
I'm sorry, I don't see that order number.
Please confirm the number
02213458464
Great. Yes, I see that order.
Great.
Yes, I see that order.
It doesn't show a double billing though. It shows two tickets purchased for march 10th at 8pm, one is for seat 14 row AA and the other is seat 8 in row W
It doesn't show a double billing though.
It shows two tickets purchased for march 10th at 8pm, one is for seat 14 row AA and the other is seat 8 in row W
But my account confirmed that I have charged double
Yes, the cost is the same for both seats. Which seat did you want
Yes, the cost is the same for both seats.
Which seat did you want
14 row AA
Okay. We don't offer refunds for purchases but I see that  you order from our site frequently so I'll see if there's anything we can do
Okay.
We don't offer refunds for purchases but I see that  you order from our site frequently so I'll see if there's anything we can do
Okay please do anything
I can offer you a credit on your next purchase, but I can't refund the money.
It is okay  . Thanks
It is okay  .
Thanks
Great. I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue for you.
Great.
I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue for you.
Is there anything else I can help you with
No
Have a great day and enjoy the performance
Hi. While I was away this weekend I noticed my food ordering account had been hacked and Someone ordered over $100 of food delivered to a coffee shop
Hi.
While I was away this weekend I noticed my food ordering account had been hacked and Someone ordered over $100 of food delivered to a coffee shop
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. what's your account number
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue.
what's your account number
588525807367
I see the $100 charge on march 1st. Unfortunately the company doesn't offer any refunds
I see the $100 charge on march 1st.
Unfortunately the company doesn't offer any refunds
I've been a customer for years. Is there anything you can do I.e. Company credit or something?
I've been a customer for years.
Is there anything you can do I.e.
Company credit or something?
Yes, I do see that you're a loyal customer. Let me talk to my supervisor
Yes, I do see that you're a loyal customer.
Let me talk to my supervisor
Ok
I'm able to refund the money to you. I strongly suggest that you update  your password and username.
I'm able to refund the money to you.
I strongly suggest that you update  your password and username.
Will do. Thanks
Will do.
Thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
I have a lot of stuff to do and my cell phone service just stopped with no notice! Please fix this!!!
I have a lot of stuff to do and my cell phone service just stopped with no notice!
Please fix this!!
!
I'm sorry to hear you're having this issue. What's your cell number
I'm sorry to hear you're having this issue.
What's your cell number
265-567-5336
Thanks for that information. Let me look into the matter
Thanks for that information.
Let me look into the matter
Ok
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined. that's why you don't have service.
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
that's why you don't have service.
Oh! Can you try again?
Oh!
Can you try again?
Sure. I will put the charge through again.
Sure.
I will put the charge through again.
Thanks
Hmmm. It was declined again. I have your card ending in 4563 with an expiration date of 4/15
Hmmm.
It was declined again.
I have your card ending in 4563 with an expiration date of 4/15
The experation date needs to be updated to 4/17
Please log on to your account and update the information I'll hold
Ok one sec
Ok done!
Great. I put the charge through and it was accepted. Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes
Great.
I put the charge through and it was accepted.
Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes
Great thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope
have a great day
I was out of town this past weekend and when I looked at my food account just now I see that there was a $100 to the coffee shop. I didn't place this order and would like to be refunded for it.
I was out of town this past weekend and when I looked at my food account just now I see that there was a $100 to the coffee shop.
I didn't place this order and would like to be refunded for it.
I'm sorry to hear that you had that problem. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that you had that problem.
What's your account number?
62626727
I see the charge. Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
I see the charge.
Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
I've been a customer for 6 years now so I would appreciate if a refund could be made. If not I would like to cancel my account.
I've been a customer for 6 years now so I would appreciate if a refund could be made.
If not I would like to cancel my account.
I see that you are a very loyal customer and we'd hate to lose  you. Let me talk to my supervisor.
I see that you are a very loyal customer and we'd hate to lose  you.
Let me talk to my supervisor.
Ok thank you
Okay. I've been authorized to credit your account. I strongly suggest that you change your password and username
Okay.
I've been authorized to credit your account.
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username
Will do. Thanks!
Will do.
Thanks!
I'm glad we could resolve this. Is there anything else I can help you with
I'm glad we could resolve this.
Is there anything else I can help you with
That's it
Have a great day
Job I just received an invoice in the mail which I never opened. I need to have this canceled
Job I just received an invoice in the mail which I never opened.
I need to have this canceled
You received a contract in the mail? What's the cell number associated with that contract
You received a contract in the mail?
What's the cell number associated with that contract
3189180808
Okay. the contract name is under Jim Kennedy. do you know this person?
Okay.
the contract name is under Jim Kennedy.
do you know this person?
No I'm bill smith. Never heard of him.
No I'm bill smith.
Never heard of him.
Okay. I've suspended the number and have opened a ticket of inquiry.
Okay.
I've suspended the number and have opened a ticket of inquiry.
Ok
If someone from that team needs more information. They will contact you. But first, please log on to - fraudcontract.com and put in the contract number and confirm that it is not yours. I'll hold.
If someone from that team needs more information.
They will contact you.
But first, please log on to - fraudcontract.com and put in the contract number and confirm that it is not yours.
I'll hold.
Ok. Just checked and it's not mine.
thanks. Is there anything else I can help youwith
thanks.
Is there anything else I can help youwith
That's all
Have a great day
Hi
I am in trouble
I have missed the flight due to snow
I am in town
When the next available flight?
I'm sorry you missed your flight. what was the flight number and departure city
I'm sorry you missed your flight.
what was the flight number and departure city
NI 789 los angeles
Are you there?
It's emergency
I'm sorry. There's aflight today at 2p and 4p. Do either of those work for you
I'm sorry.
There's aflight today at 2p and 4p.
Do either of those work for you
Yes 2 pm
Yes 2pm is comfortable for me
Okay,  You are confirmed at 2p. Please check your inbox for the flight informatoin
Okay,  You are confirmed at 2p.
Please check your inbox for the flight informatoin
Can you allot
Ok thank you
Yes I have received the confirmat
Have safe flight.
Thank you
Hi, I recently ordered a new table and the one I received is not the one I ordered.
5667354 is the order #
What table did you receive?
I received white instead of dark brown stain.
Okay, let me find out where your table went
Thank you
I found it. It went to Main Ave. instead of Main St. I can have it delivered in the morning. Does that work
I found it.
It went to Main Ave. instead of Main St.
I can have it delivered in the morning.
Does that work
Yes that will be fine
Thank you
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
Great.
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with
No that's it thank you
You're welcome
I went away for the weekend and while I was gone my account was hacked and $100 was charged to my account! Please fix this!!!
I went away for the weekend and while I was gone my account was hacked and $100 was charged to my account!
Please fix this!!
!
Help!!!
Help!!
!
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. What's your account nubmer
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem.
What's your account nubmer
number
5346743
I see the order. Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy
I see the order.
Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy
Well I am a very loyal customer can you please talk to your manager?
yes, I see you are very loyal customer. I will put my manager on. Stand by
yes, I see you are very loyal customer.
I will put my manager on.
Stand by
Ok thanks
Hello, I'm Jean the manager.  I see that  you are a loyal customer. We cant
Hello, I'm Jean the manager.
I see that  you are a loyal customer.
We cant
can't offer you a refund but can offer you a credit of the $100 for future orders
Ok I guess that will work thanks!
Great. I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue. I strongly suggest you change  your password and user name
Great.
I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue.
I strongly suggest you change  your password and user name
Ok I will!
I would also like to offer you a 10% discount on your next order. Please use code 10%
I would also like to offer you a 10% discount on your next order.
Please use code 10%
Thanks!
You're welcome. Thanks for being a great customer
You're welcome.
Thanks for being a great customer
Hi. We bought a dining room table from you online last week
Hi.
We bought a dining room table from you online last week
Should have been dark cherry wood
Just got a totally different color delivered
It says light oak on box
Please open the box to confirm that the table is light oak. Also, please give me your order number
Please open the box to confirm that the table is light oak.
Also, please give me your order number
are you still there?
I received a bill today for cell phone service that I did not sign up for. I want to make sure this is canceled.
I received a bill today for cell phone service that I did not sign up for.
I want to make sure this is canceled.
I can assist you with this What's the cell number on the contract
433-344-3675
Okay. I see that the customer is kevin kennedy. do you know this person
Okay.
I see that the customer is kevin kennedy.
do you know this person
Never heard of him
Okay. We have suspended the number and I've started a ticket of inquiry.
Okay.
We have suspended the number and I've started a ticket of inquiry.
Thanks. So I do not owe anything right?
Thanks.
So I do not owe anything right?
that's correct. If the team investigating has any questions, they will contact you.
that's correct.
If the team investigating has any questions, they will contact you.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all
Have a great day
Hi
We ordered a dark cherry wood dining room table from you online last week
The table you just delivered is the right style but it says light oak on the box
I
I'm sorry this happened. What's your order number
I'm sorry this happened.
What's your order number
Let me check
Order num is 86345
Please open the box and confirm that the table is light oak
Ok just a sec
Weird. The table inside is definitely the right color/wood
Weird.
The table inside is definitely the right color/wood
The box is stamped as light oak but it's definitely the right table inside
I'm sorry about that. Sometimes that happens. I'm glad you did receive the correct table.
I'm sorry about that.
Sometimes that happens.
I'm glad you did receive the correct table.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope thanks
Wasn't going to open it without checking first
sorry, the last line was for my other customer. Is the table light oak inside?
sorry, the last line was for my other customer.
Is the table light oak inside?
No problem
I actually found your table. It went to 123 Main Ave. instead of Main St. I can have it sent first thing in the morning. Does that work>
I actually found your table.
It went to 123 Main Ave. instead of Main St.
I can have it sent first thing in the morning.
Does that work>
Yes that's fine
Great, you are confirmed for tomorrow by 9a
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Hi, my cell phone just all of a sudden stopped working all I have is wifi. I have a lot of important calls to make and need to figure out this issue please.
Hi, my cell phone just all of a sudden stopped working all I have is wifi.
I have a lot of important calls to make and need to figure out this issue please.
I'm sorry to hear you are having this issue. what's your cell number
I'm sorry to hear you are having this issue.
what's your cell number
6606202276
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Is there any way to re run it? I now have funds in the acct?
Is there any way to re run it?
I now have funds in the acct?
Sure, I will run the charge again
Thank you
Hmmm. I ran the charge but it was declined. I have card ending 9648 with the expiration date of 4/15. Is that correct
Hmmm.
I ran the charge but it was declined.
I have card ending 9648 with the expiration date of 4/15.
Is that correct
No the expiration date is 6/15
Okay, I see. Please go online and update your information. I will hold
Okay, I see.
Please go online and update your information.
I will hold
Okay it is now updated
Great. I will run it again
Great.
I will run it again
Thank uou
You*
It went through this time. confirmation number is 2654984C5.
It went through this time.
confirmation number is 2654984C5.
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with
No that's it
You're welcome.
When I checked my mail there was an invoice for a cell phone company. I hadn't even opened their contract! I need this canceled ASAP!
When I checked my mail there was an invoice for a cell phone company.
I hadn't even opened their contract!
I need this canceled ASAP!
Hello, I can assist you with this. What is the cell number on the contract?
Hello, I can assist you with this.
What is the cell number on the contract?
543-422-5673
I've pulled up that account. It says it belongs to a Tammy Brown, is that you?
I've pulled up that account.
It says it belongs to a Tammy Brown, is that you?
Yes!
Okay, but you say you didn't authorize this contract?
Nope sure didn't!
Please confirm that no one else in your household ordered a phone
Nope no one
Okay. I've suspended that number and logged a ticket of inquiry. If someone from that team has any questions, they will contact you directly.
Okay.
I've suspended that number and logged a ticket of inquiry.
If someone from that team has any questions, they will contact you directly.
Ok thanks!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with
No
okay, Have a great day
Hey wanted to find out what's up with my cellphone service
Just went out and I'm on call all day for tech support
Any help with this?
I'm happy to assist here.  What's your cell number?
I'm happy to assist here.
What's your cell number?
630-926-3230
I've pulled up the account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
I should have a backup card on file right?
Can we try that if so?
Sure. I can run the charge on the back up card
Sure.
I can run the charge on the back up card
Thanks
it went through. Your confirmation number is 895164
it went through.
Your confirmation number is 895164
Whew
I'll set backup to primary card
It's the company plastic anyway
Thanks
No problem. I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly.
No problem.
I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly.
Your service should be back up in 10 minutes
Thx
You're welcome
Hi I went away this last weekend and came home to find my account was hacked and $125 worth of food was delivered to some coffee shop in town. Can something be done about this?
Hi I went away this last weekend and came home to find my account was hacked and $125 worth of food was delivered to some coffee shop in town.
Can something be done about this?
I'm sorry to hear this happened. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number
I'm sorry to hear this happened.
I'm happy to assist.
What's your account number
55677334
Please standby while I pull up the account
Ok
I see the charge. Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
I see the charge.
Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
Well in this case this was not my fault and must be an error in your security
I have been a loyal customer a long time.
yes, you have been a very loyal customer. let me see if there's anything I can do.
yes, you have been a very loyal customer.
let me see if there's anything I can do.
Ok
I've been authorized to give you a credit of $100 but I can't refund that money.
Shouldn't I get a credit for the $125 that was charged it was more than $100. I am concerned with the security of your company.
Shouldn't I get a credit for the $125 that was charged it was more than $100.
I am concerned with the security of your company.
I'm sorry. You're correct. $125. I've logged a ticket to investigate and I also urge you to change your password and username
I'm sorry.
You're correct.
$125.
I've logged a ticket to investigate and I also urge you to change your password and username
I will do that
I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on  your next order. Please use code 20%.
I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on  your next order.
Please use code 20%.
Thank you
You're welcome.
I recently purchased a dining table and they sent me the wrong one. Please assist.
I recently purchased a dining table and they sent me the wrong one.
Please assist.
I'm sorry to hear the wrong table was ordered. What's your order number
I'm sorry to hear the wrong table was ordered.
What's your order number
0528
What table did you recieive
The round oak table
I see your order and have found the delivery error.
Thank you
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today.
That will be perfect
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.
You're welcome
My cell phone service just stopped working without any prior notice, can you please help me?
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist. what's your cell number
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist.
what's your cell number
503-621-6000
I've pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Can you look into it? I have sufficient funds.
Can you look into it?
I have sufficient funds.
It was definitely declined, shall I run it again?
Yes please
Hmmm. I ran it again and it declined again. the card on file ends in 2687 but the expiration date is 2/15.
Hmmm.
I ran it again and it declined again.
the card on file ends in 2687 but the expiration date is 2/15.
The expiration is 2/16. I got a new card
The expiration is 2/16.
I got a new card
Please go onto the site and update that information. I will hold
Please go onto the site and update that information.
I will hold
Okay I have just updated it.
Great, I will run it again.
Thank you
It went through, your confirmation number is 561CE264
Is there anything else I can help you with
No thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
You too
thanks!
Today received an invoice for a cell account I did not authorize to be opened.
Could you help me cancel it
Hello, I am happy to assist you.
What's the cell number on that account
477-545-8776
I pulled up that account. The name on the account says Marie Smith, is that  you?
I pulled up that account.
The name on the account says Marie Smith, is that  you?
No I am Marie Aluna
Oh, I see. Please confirm that no one in  your household authorized this account.
Oh, I see.
Please confirm that no one in  your household authorized this account.
No one has
Thank you for confirming. I've suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Thank you for confirming.
I've suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Thank you
You're welcome. If a member of that team needs more information, they will reach out to you directly.
You're welcome.
If a member of that team needs more information, they will reach out to you directly.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it
Thank you
You're welcome
Hey... We just got back from weekend ski trip and it looks like someone hacked our food order account w you
Ordered like $100 or so in food on Saturday
Says it was sent to the coffee shop up the street from you guys
Our last order was on Feb 20th
This one was on 28th
I'm sorry to hear you had that problem. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear you had that problem.
What's your account number?
Our acct is 71037651-1222
I've pulled the account and see the charge
Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
Yeah the one on the 28th we were out of state
That sucks
We've been customers since you opened
Anything you can do?
I see that you've been a loyal customer for 8 years. Let me see if there's anything we can do
I see that you've been a loyal customer for 8 years.
Let me see if there's anything we can do
Thanks
I spoke to my supervisor. We can offer you a credit for the $100 but no a refund
I spoke to my supervisor.
We can offer you a credit for the $100 but no a refund
Hey appreciate that
Thanks
Great. I'm happy we could resolve this. I would also like to offer you a 20% discount. Use code 20%
Great.
I'm happy we could resolve this.
I would also like to offer you a 20% discount.
Use code 20%
Will do.  Appreciate the code
Will do.
Appreciate the code
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
I just got back from vacation and noticed my food account had been hacked. I was charged $100. Please assist
I just got back from vacation and noticed my food account had been hacked.
I was charged $100.
Please assist
I'm sorry to see you had that issue. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to see you had that issue.
What's your account number?
163840
I pulled up your order and see the charge. Unfortunately it looks like it was made from your username JJJ. The company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
I pulled up your order and see the charge.
Unfortunately it looks like it was made from your username JJJ.
The company doesn't offer refunds on online orders
Oh okay.
Thank you
Thank you and I'm happy we could resolve this. I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on  your next order. Use code 20%
Thank you and I'm happy we could resolve this.
I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on  your next order.
Use code 20%
That would be perfect. Thank you.
That would be perfect.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hello.  I am not a customer of yours but just got an invoice for a cellphone contract in the mail.
Hello.
I am not a customer of yours but just got an invoice for a cellphone contract in the mail.
I've never signed up with you and have a different company
I'm sorry to hear about this I'm happy to assist. what's the cell number on the account
I'm sorry to hear about this I'm happy to assist.
what's the cell number on the account
The name and address on the invoice are me, but the phone number isn't mine
The phone on the invoice here
yes
The number on the invoice is 773-919-6521
Not even an area code in our county
That's odd. Please standby while I research this.
That's odd.
Please standby while I research this.
Thank you.
Hmmm, the order was placed locally in your area. Please confirm that no one in your household authorized this
Hmmm, the order was placed locally in your area.
Please confirm that no one in your household authorized this
That's really weird
Can we stop this service while I investigate w my bank then
My id may have been stolen by someone
Will check w former roommate
I have suspended your account.  I will open a ticket of inquiry with our investigation team. they will reach out to you directly if they need more information. There's been no money charged here
I have suspended your account.
I will open a ticket of inquiry with our investigation team.
they will reach out to you directly if they need more information.
There's been no money charged here
Ok that works
I don't think you need to get your bank involved at this time
Ok
I will wait on what you folks say
Please log on to fraudatt.com and use the ID. Notmycard and password is the cell number. Then follow the instructions to confirm this was fraudulent. Once done, let me know. I'll hold
Please log on to fraudatt.com and use the ID.
Notmycard and password is the cell number.
Then follow the instructions to confirm this was fraudulent.
Once done, let me know.
I'll hold
Ok I logged a case there
653428cdf-555 is case no umber
Great. Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Number
No thanks for yr help
You're welcome.
I noticed that I was missing a table leg with a recent order. Could you assist me?
I noticed that I was missing a table leg with a recent order.
Could you assist me?
I'm happy to assist. What's your order number
I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number
15637
I'm sorry that you didn't receive the whole order. Was it the oak table?
I'm sorry that you didn't receive the whole order.
Was it the oak table?
Yes
Okay, I'll overnight a leg to you. You should have it by noon tomorrow  - sent via fedex.
Okay, I'll overnight a leg to you.
You should have it by noon tomorrow  - sent via fedex.
Thank you
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you
You're welcome
I'm having trouble logging into my account to pay my bill. I'm now locked out after 4 failed attempts
I'm having trouble logging into my account to pay my bill.
I'm now locked out after 4 failed attempts
I'm sorry to hear you are locked out. What is your account number?
I'm sorry to hear you are locked out.
What is your account number?
427826
Thank you. Please stand by while I research this
Thank you.
Please stand by while I research this
Ok
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Don Smith 06/09/1963 don@aol.com
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Great.
I see your account.
I've reset it with a temp password.
Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Ok great I found it
Good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Good.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all
Have a great day
Hi I accidentally tried too many log in attempts to pay my electric bill. Can you help me in unlock it?
Hi I accidentally tried too many log in attempts to pay my electric bill.
Can you help me in unlock it?
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number
66456774
thank you, please stand by, while I research this.
Ok
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Lena Allen 6-18-87 lenaallen@yahoo.com
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Great.
I see your account.
I've reset it with a temp password.
Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Ok
Okay I changed my password.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it. Thank you
No that's it.
Thank you
You're welcome
I was trying to pay my electric bill online but after 4 times I couldn't log in and I got locked out! Can you help!
I was trying to pay my electric bill online but after 4 times I couldn't log in and I got locked out!
Can you help!
I'm sorry you're having this issue. What's your account number
I'm sorry you're having this issue.
What's your account number
5367423
thank you. Please stand by while I research this
thank you.
Please stand by while I research this
Ok
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
Leo Tolstoy, 10/06/23, tolstoy@gsnail.com
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Great.
I see your account.
I've reset it with a temp password.
Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Ok I will. Thanks!
Ok I will.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope
have a great day
Hello. I'm trying to login to pay my electric bill and have locked myself out
Hello.
I'm trying to login to pay my electric bill and have locked myself out
I'm sorry to hear you were locked out. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear you were locked out.
I'm happy to assist.
What's your account number?
576357
For Verification purposes, please provide your full name, date of birth and email address
John Diaz. 04/17/1983. Johndiaz@hotmail.com
John Diaz.
04/17/1983.
Johndiaz@hotmail.com
Great. I see your account. I've reset it with a temp password. Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Great.
I see your account.
I've reset it with a temp password.
Please look online for instructions to reset your password.
Ok thank you
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all
Have a great day
Hello, i just purchased a table from you website but you delivered the wrong model
I ordered the oak table but i receive the mahagony one
The order number is 57837
Thank you. Please give me a minute while I review this order
Thank you.
Please give me a minute while I review this order
Ok
I'm sorry this happened. I see the error in the delivery and can have it delivered to you by the end of the day. Does that wor4k
I'm sorry this happened.
I see the error in the delivery and can have it delivered to you by the end of the day.
Does that wor4k
work
Yes
I Will appreciate it
Thank you for your help
You are welcom
e
Hi I accidentally locked myself out of my online account when I was trying to pay my electricity bill. Can you please assist?
Hi I accidentally locked myself out of my online account when I was trying to pay my electricity bill.
Can you please assist?
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your account number
462848
For verification purposes, please provide your full  name, date of birth and email
Are you still there ?
Yes sorry
My name is jerry McDonald birthday 09/06/1981 and email is jmcd@gmail.com
Okay, I've given the account a temp password, please check  your email for instructions to create a new one
Okay got it. I'm all set thank you.
Okay got it.
I'm all set thank you.
You're welcome.
I ordered a new modem recently and received the tracking notice that it was delivered. However when I got home from work the package is nowhere to be found
I ordered a new modem recently and received the tracking notice that it was delivered.
However when I got home from work the package is nowhere to be found
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist.
What's your order number?
432575cd
Please let me research this. Standby.
Please let me research this.
Standby.
Ok
I do see that it was delivered and left without a signature. Please confirm that there was no note left by the delivery company
I do see that it was delivered and left without a signature.
Please confirm that there was no note left by the delivery company
I didn't see a note
Okay, I've opened a ticket of inquiry. I will get it resolved as quickly as possible.
Okay, I've opened a ticket of inquiry.
I will get it resolved as quickly as possible.
Ok thank you
You're welcome.
Hi I recently made an order online for a new modem while I was at work it was delivered without being signed for. The modem is now missing. I received the notice of delivery in my email but it's not here now.
Hi I recently made an order online for a new modem while I was at work it was delivered without being signed for.
The modem is now missing.
I received the notice of delivery in my email but it's not here now.
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist.
What's your order number?
56833578
I've pulled up  your order and see that it was mistakenly delivered.
I will open  a ticket of inquiry and get it resolved as quickly as possible.
Okay
Thank you
is there anything else I can assist you with
No thank you
You're welcome
I placed an order for a modem. Today when I was at work I got a message saying it was delivered to my door. When I got home there was nothing there. The package was supposed to require a signature. What happened!
I placed an order for a modem.
Today when I was at work I got a message saying it was delivered to my door.
When I got home there was nothing there.
The package was supposed to require a signature.
What happened!
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear this and happy to assist.
What's your order number?
53578423
Please let me research this. Standby.
Please let me research this.
Standby.
Ok
I do see that it was inadvertently delivered without a signature. Please confirm there was no note left but the delivery company
I do see that it was inadvertently delivered without a signature.
Please confirm there was no note left but the delivery company
Yes no note
I do see that it was delivered but I see that it was signed for. The signature is not legible.
I do see that it was delivered but I see that it was signed for.
The signature is not legible.
Ok wasn't me or anyone in my household...
Okay. I will open a letter of inquiry with FedEx. I will get it resolved and reach out to you via email.
Okay.
I will open a letter of inquiry with FedEx.
I will get it resolved and reach out to you via email.
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with todya
today
No thanks!
You're welcome
Hello, my cellphone suddenly stopped working
I can not make calls or use internet
Can you help me Find out why?
Hey Jose, let me assist you with this.
My number is 574-7535864
Could you please provide me with your cellphone numner?
Thank you Jose, give me one moment while I look what is wrong
Ok
Looking at your account it seems that some one reported this number as stolen?
The account is currently suspended... are you aware of this?
No i am not
My cell was not stolen
I have it with me Now
The easiest way for me to resolve this is to verify that I am indeed speaking to the correct person. Would you feel comfortable give personal information?
The easiest way for me to resolve this is to verify that I am indeed speaking to the correct person.
Would you feel comfortable give personal information?
Otherwise you will need to go into a mobile store of ours and they will assist you
My name is josé Coppola
My bday is 05 21 1985
My address is 6738 sw juvi avenue Atlanta Georgia
You need another info?
This information is good, only things else  I would require is the last 4 digits of your social security number
4543
Thank you for confirming this. I have activated your account.
Thank you for confirming this.
I have activated your account.
I have also created a ticket for further investigation.
Thank you very much
You saved my day
No problem Jose.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thats all for today
Have a great day further
Hi I ordered an Internet modem and requested a signature be required upon delivery. I got notice the modem was delivered and left at my door, however it is not there.
Hi I ordered an Internet modem and requested a signature be required upon delivery.
I got notice the modem was delivered and left at my door, however it is not there.
Hey Bill,  let me try and assist you.
Ok
Have you looked around the house and premises to see if any notes were left?
Yes
Interesting. Let me pull up the details...
Interesting.
Let me pull up the details...
one moment please. I would like to establish who delivered the package.
one moment please.
I would like to establish who delivered the package.
OK, I have tried to contact Bob, the person responsible for the delievery
Did not see any notes
But he is not answering right now.
The only thing I can do now is create a ticket for further investigation.
Did not see any notes
The investigation process typically takes 24 hours to complete
Hello?
Yes thank you
If for some reason we are unable to resolve this we will gladly replace the package
Thank you for assisting in this matter
I do apologies  for this.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi, my internet speed is super slow I can't even stream anything on my computer. Can you help me figure out why? It has been like this for a week
Hi, my internet speed is super slow I can't even stream anything on my computer.
Can you help me figure out why?
It has been like this for a week
Sure. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
Sure.
I'm happy to assist.
What's your account number?
36744488
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Yes
Okay. when did you notice the slow down?
Okay.
when did you notice the slow down?
A week ago
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
I see the potential problem.
You currently have 10 active users.
I only have 1 computer though
Well, someone outside may have gotten on. I suggest you change your password and user name then reboot your devices.
Well, someone outside may have gotten on.
I suggest you change your password and user name then reboot your devices.
Okay I'll do that
is there anything else I can assist you with
No but thank you.
You are welcome
Hi I recently ordered a modem online.  I had a notification it was delivered and left on my doorstep today.  I went home and the package was missing.  I specifically asked that the package require a signature but it was left anyway.  Now I have no modem.  Can you please help me resolve?
Hi I recently ordered a modem online.
I had a notification it was delivered and left on my doorstep today.
I went home and the package was missing.
I specifically asked that the package require a signature but it was left anyway.
Now I have no modem.
Can you please help me resolve?
I can assist you. What is your order number?
I can assist you.
What is your order number?
7736842
I see that it was delivered. I see it was signed for but the signature is illegible.
I see that it was delivered.
I see it was signed for but the signature is illegible.
Yes it was not me. I was at work all day.  I don't live with anyone
Yes it was not me.
I was at work all day.
I don't live with anyone
Okay, I've opened a letter of inquiry with FedEx. You will be contacted via email.
Okay, I've opened a letter of inquiry with FedEx.
You will be contacted via email.
Okay great thank you
You're welcome
My internet service has been really slow for like the past week. I haven't been able to stream Netflix at all. How can we fix this?
My internet service has been really slow for like the past week.
I haven't been able to stream Netflix at all.
How can we fix this?
Sure. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
Sure.
I'm happy to assist.
What's your account number?
554326553
Have you tried rebooting your system?
I did a few times and that did not help
Okay. when did you notice the slow down?
Okay.
when did you notice the slow down?
About a week ago
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
I see the potential problem.
You currently have 10 active users.
I have roommates. Can we upgrade to a higher speed?
I have roommates.
Can we upgrade to a higher speed?
Sure, I can upgrade to the Platinum speed. It will be an extra $14.95 a month
Sure, I can upgrade to the Platinum speed.
It will be an extra $14.95 a month
That sounds good
Okay, done. Is there anything else I can  help with
Okay, done.
Is there anything else I can  help with
No I think that should do it
have a great day
For a week my internet has been super slow! Why???
For a week my internet has been super slow!
Why??
?
Sure. I'm happy to assist. What's your account number?
Sure.
I'm happy to assist.
What's your account number?
63357743
Okay. when did you notice the slow down? Have you tried rebooting  your router? if not, please do so now
Okay.
when did you notice the slow down?
Have you tried rebooting  your router?
if not, please do so now
Last week. I have rebooted 4 times already!
Last week.
I have rebooted 4 times already!
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
I see the potential problem.
You currently have 10 active users.
Oh! I shouldn't have that! What do I do?
Oh!
I shouldn't have that!
What do I do?
I suggest that you change your password and username, then reboot all your devices. that should help. If it doesn't please reach back out to us
I suggest that you change your password and username, then reboot all your devices.
that should help.
If it doesn't please reach back out to us
Ok I will do that!
Great, is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope
have a great day
Hi my internet speed is really slow.  Can you assist?  It started about a week ago.  I can't even stream anything.
Hi my internet speed is really slow.
Can you assist?
It started about a week ago.
I can't even stream anything.
Yes, I'll be happy to assist you. What's your account number
Yes, I'll be happy to assist you.
What's your account number
6386382
I see the potential problem. You currently have 10 active users.
I see the potential problem.
You currently have 10 active users.
Really?  How can I disconnect them
Really?
How can I disconnect them
Are they using my wireless maybe?
I'll set up a password
Yes, they've gotten on your wifi. I suggest you change your password then reboot all your devices.
Yes, they've gotten on your wifi.
I suggest you change your password then reboot all your devices.
Okay I will do that!  Thanks for your help.
Okay I will do that!
Thanks for your help.
You are welcome
Hello, i have a problem with my food account. Someone hacked it and made a food order for over 100$. I want to know if there is anything you can do since i have been a loyal customer for years
Hello, i have a problem with my food account.
Someone hacked it and made a food order for over 100$.
I want to know if there is anything you can do since i have been a loyal customer for years
Hello
I'm so sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I'm so sorry to hear that.
What's your account number?
45853
I see the order. Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds
I see the order.
Unfortunately, the company doesn't offer refunds
It does not Matter that i have been a loyal customer for years?
Yes, of course it does. I will check with my supervisor
Yes, of course it does.
I will check with my supervisor
Please
I can offer you a credit of the $100 but not a refund
I Will take it
Thank you for understanding
great. I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. use code 20%
great.
I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
use code 20%
Thank you
Thats a great bonus
You're welcome
Hi. I've been experiencing unusually slow internet speeds this week
Hi.
I've been experiencing unusually slow internet speeds this week
Hey Bill, let me try and assist you with this.
Have you tried to restart the modem ?
Thanks
Let me try
Seems to be a little better now
If you would like, I can run a diagnostics on your router to see what is going on?
Sure
Standby, while I do this
OK I have your modems status in front of me. I see that you are syncing with the exchange at the expected speed. I do however notice you have 10 devices connect currently?
OK I have your modems status in front of me.
I see that you are syncing with the exchange at the expected speed.
I do however notice you have 10 devices connect currently?
Are all these devices yours?
Yes. 4 TVs 3 phones 2 tablets and our computer
Yes.
4 TVs 3 phones 2 tablets and our computer
This could result in slow internet sometime. I would recommend you do not activate automatic update.
This could result in slow internet sometime.
I would recommend you do not activate automatic update.
Ok
Either than that, I believe things are sorted?
Yes
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
Hi! I got myself locked out of my acct after 4 attempts to remember my password just now
Hi!
I got myself locked out of my acct after 4 attempts to remember my password just now
Just trying to pay my electric bill
Can we get it unlocked?
Hey Dustin, I will be able to assist you with this.
My acct number is 626261876 if that helps
4389 Watson Rd is acct address
Great, thanks.
Let me pull up the information quickly...
Thx
OK I have your account in front of me. I see there were multiple attempts.
OK I have your account in front of me.
I see there were multiple attempts.
I will be able to help you resolve this and give you access in no time
Thanks
I would just need some personal information to verify that I am speaking to the correct person
Ok
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number, date of birth and last 4 digits of your social security number?
Cell is 703-946-6478
Last four of SSN are 1234
I would just need your date of birth also.
08-02-1980
Great, let me just run this against the system
Great Dustin, you have been authenticated.
Cool
I will be able to reset your password and send you an email with instruction on how to proceed
Excellent
OK you should receive the email within the next couple of minutes. Is there anything else  I can assist you with?
OK you should receive the email within the next couple of minutes.
Is there anything else  I can assist you with?
No appreciate the help on this
No problem, I hope you have a great day further.
Hi I'm putting together the bookshelf i purchased from you and noticed a shelf is missing!  Can you send me the missing shelf or completely replace the bookshelf?
Hi I'm putting together the bookshelf i purchased from you and noticed a shelf is missing!
Can you send me the missing shelf or completely replace the bookshelf?
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number?
I'm happy to help you with that.
What's your account number?
36462483
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
Yup
I will overnight a bookshelf to you.
Great thank you!
You're welcome
I ordered a bookshelf online. When I went to put it together it was missing a shelf. Please send the shelf or a new bookcase
I ordered a bookshelf online.
When I went to put it together it was missing a shelf.
Please send the shelf or a new bookcase
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number
I'm happy to help you with that.
What's your account number
6447832
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
Yes
Oh, I see that you were actually delivered a 4-high book shelf. Have you started to assemble it yet?
Oh, I see that you were actually delivered a 4-high book shelf.
Have you started to assemble it yet?
Yes
Okay, You can keep that bookshelf and we will overnight a the 5-high.
Oh awesome!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
Have a great day
I ordered a bookshelf from you and while I was putting it together just now I realized that I'm missing one of the shelves.
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number
I'm happy to help you with that.
What's your account number
45df
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
That's right. And I only received 4 shelves
That's right.
And I only received 4 shelves
Oh okay. Upon further investigation  I see you were delivered the 4 high shelf in error.
Oh okay.
Upon further investigation  I see you were delivered the 4 high shelf in error.
Yea. Can we get the right one shipped out to me?
Yea.
Can we get the right one shipped out to me?
Yes. Absolutely. Have you started to assemble the one you have yet?
Yes.
Absolutely.
Have you started to assemble the one you have yet?
Yea it's almost fknished
Okay. I'm sorry for the error. You can keep that bookshelf and I will send you out another one
Okay.
I'm sorry for the error.
You can keep that bookshelf and I will send you out another one
Thanks. I appreciate that
Thanks.
I appreciate that
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
No that's all thanks
You're welcome
Hi. I ordered a book shelf and when I was putting it together I realized a shelf was missing.
Hi.
I ordered a book shelf and when I was putting it together I realized a shelf was missing.
I'm happy to help you with that. What's your account number
I'm happy to help you with that.
What's your account number
7544788
I see you ordered the Oak 5 high bookshelf, is that correct?
Yes
hmmm, I see that we sent you out a 4-high bookshelf in error. have you started to assemble it yet?
hmmm, I see that we sent you out a 4-high bookshelf in error.
have you started to assemble it yet?
Yes inhad
I had*
Okay, You can keep that bookshelf and we will overnight a the 5-high.
Wow great! Thank you
Wow great!
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it
Thank you
You're welcome
Yes I ordered a bookshelf, and I noticed one of the shelves is missing.
I can assist you with this. what's the order number?
I can assist you with this.
what's the order number?
667535753664
I pulled up your account. Is it the 5-high Oak bookshelf?
I pulled up your account.
Is it the 5-high Oak bookshelf?
Yes.
Hmmm, I see that we actually sent out a 4-high bookshelf.
Ahh I see
have you started putting it together yet
Not yet
Okay, I will have it overnighted and they will also pick up the 4-high.
Great
Is there anything else I can assist youwith
That is all thank you
You're welcome
Hi I got a text this AM that the modem I bought online had been delivered and dropped off at my door.
Specifically asked that it be signed for.
Just got home on lunch break and it's not here
I'm sorry to hear you had this problem. What's your order number
I'm sorry to hear you had this problem.
What's your order number
The order number is 527718
I see that we did deliver it without a signature in error.
I will open a ticket of inquiry with FedEx and get it resolved as soon as possible
Can we get one sent out soon?
Or do I have to wait for fedex to respond?
Someone from our team will get back to you by the end of the day
Ok
Is there anything else that I can assist you with
No thanks for checking this
I'll wait to hear from the team
You're welcome. We'll get it resolved quickly
You're welcome.
We'll get it resolved quickly
Hello, i just check my email and i receive an invoice for a cellphone contract which is not mine nor my family
What is the cell number associated with the contract
789-5674563
Okay. I see the order.  The customer name as Jose Alvarez. Is that you?
Okay.
I see the order.
The customer name as Jose Alvarez.
Is that you?
Sorry, please confirm that is not you
Is not me
My name is josé Coppola
Okay. thank  you for that information. I have suspended that number and will open a ticket for investigation
Okay.
thank  you for that information.
I have suspended that number and will open a ticket for investigation
Thank you very much for your help
Please log on to fraudalert.com and sign on with that cell number. Once on, please confirm that this was not your order.
Please log on to fraudalert.com and sign on with that cell number.
Once on, please confirm that this was not your order.
I'll wait.
Ok hold on
I did it
Great. Someone from the fraud team will follow up with you
Great.
Someone from the fraud team will follow up with you
Thank you
You're welcome.
Hi! My internet at home is almost unusable. Very slow!
Hi!
My internet at home is almost unusable.
Very slow!
Can't stream YouTube even
Been slowing down for a week, but now it's really bad
I'm sorry that you're having this issue. What's your account number. I can assist you
I'm sorry that you're having this issue.
What's your account number.
I can assist you
I'm sorry
Phone cut off there
My acct is 105567212
thank you for that information
Have you tried rebooting your router
No
I can try that
Just unplug?
It's powering back up
good. Let me know if that helps
good.
Let me know if that helps
Checking
Whoa.  FAST
Whoa.
FAST
I think that fixed it!
Okay, that's GREAT! It's nice when things can get resolved quickly. Is there anything else that I can assist youwith
Okay, that's GREAT!
It's nice when things can get resolved quickly.
Is there anything else that I can assist youwith
Nope! Thanks
Nope!
Thanks
You're welcome.
Hello, i was trying to log into my electricity account but i blocked it. Can you help me regain acces?
Hello, i was trying to log into my electricity account but i blocked it.
Can you help me regain acces?
Sure. I'm happy to help. What's your account number
Sure.
I'm happy to help.
What's your account number
56764
For verification purposes please verify your address, your birth year and email
Copo_x@hotmail.con. 05 21 1985 bday.
Copo_x@hotmail.con.
05 21 1985 bday.
4772 sw Columbia avenue miami florida
Okay, I have verified your information and set up a temp password. Please check your email for instructions to set up a new password.
Okay, I have verified your information and set up a temp password.
Please check your email for instructions to set up a new password.
I am going to check it
Is there anything else I can help you with
I change my password and i can log in already
Have a great day
Hi! I have a problem with the 5-shelf living room bookshelf I bought from you
Hi!
I have a problem with the 5-shelf living room bookshelf I bought from you
Just finished putting it together and it's missing a shelf!
I feel dumb for not noticing
Can we get a replacement part?
I'm sorry about that. What's your order number
I'm sorry about that.
What's your order number
Order number is 82676
Let me look into this. Stand by
Let me look into this.
Stand by
Please tell me I don't have to take this thing apart and box it up...
Okay. You ordered the Oak 5-high bookshelf?
Okay.
You ordered the Oak 5-high bookshelf?
Yep
The shelf is part S-556 in the diagram
hmmmm, I see that we actually sent you a 4-high. Since you already put it together you can keep that and we'll send out the 5-high overnight.
hmmmm, I see that we actually sent you a 4-high.
Since you already put it together you can keep that and we'll send out the 5-high overnight.
Oh! That explains it
Oh!
That explains it
It seemed a little tight
Can I help you with anything else
No! Thanks for looking into this!
No!
Thanks for looking into this!
Take care
You are welcome. thanks
You are welcome.
thanks
Hello, i bought a modem from your online store. I received a notification that the box was in front of my door but i did not see it when i arrived.
Hello, i bought a modem from your online store.
I received a notification that the box was in front of my door but i did not see it when i arrived.
Since you require a signature for dropping the package, can you help me Find who was?
I'm sorry to hear this. what's your order number
I'm sorry to hear this.
what's your order number
6754
I see that we did deliver it  with no signature
What can we do about it?
I will open a ticket of inquiry. the team will reach out to you once it's resolved.
I will open a ticket of inquiry.
the team will reach out to you once it's resolved.
Ok, i Will wait for your reply
thank you. Have a great day
thank you.
Have a great day
Hi I purchased a new dining room table online and I just realized you sent the wrong table. Can you let me know what happened and send me correct table ASAP please?
Hi I purchased a new dining room table online and I just realized you sent the wrong table.
Can you let me know what happened and send me correct table ASAP please?
Sure. I can assist you with this. What's your order number?
Sure.
I can assist you with this.
What's your order number?
3643733
Which table did you receive?
This one is black and smaller than the brown one I ordered
Okay. I see that yours was delivered to the address that the black one should have gone to. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Okay.
I see that yours was delivered to the address that the black one should have gone to.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I will have it delivered by 7p this evening. Is that okay
I will have it delivered by 7p this evening.
Is that okay
That's amazing thank you
You're welcome.
Hello, my internet speed is very slow. The problem began a week ago. I restarted the modem several times but nothing happened
Hello, my internet speed is very slow.
The problem began a week ago.
I restarted the modem several times but nothing happened
I'm sorry about this. What's  your account number?
I'm sorry about this.
What's  your account number?
5664
Have you tried to reset your router?
No
Let me do it
Hold on
It worked Now is fast
Great. I'm  happy that it was resolved so quickly.
Great.
I'm  happy that it was resolved so quickly.
I noticed that there is a balance due on your account. Can I take care of that for you today?
I noticed that there is a balance due on your account.
Can I take care of that for you today?
Yes please
Do you have my credit card information?
okay , I will charge the $50 due to the card on file
It went through. Is there anything else I can assist you with
It went through.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Thank you very much
Thats all
You're welcome
Hi my cell phone service isn't working can you help?  I'm contacting you through wifi
Hi my cell phone service isn't working can you help?
I'm contacting you through wifi
Yes, I'm happy to help. what's your cell number ?
Yes, I'm happy to help.
what's your cell number ?
5185982456
Please standby as I review your account
Okay. I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Okay.
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Oh jeez sorry
Would you like me to try to put it thru again?
Yes please
Okay, I sent it through but it was declined again. I have your card ending in 5698 and expiration as 2/15. do you have a new card?
Okay, I sent it through but it was declined again.
I have your card ending in 5698 and expiration as 2/15.
do you have a new card?
Sure try this one
Visa
2435713686278645
02/17
Cvv 235
Ok.
I've entered $150 on the new card. It worked. Is there anything else I can do for you today
I've entered $150 on the new card.
It worked.
Is there anything else I can do for you today
No that's it thank you
You're welcome
You're service will be back up in about 10 minutew
minutes
Hello, i ordered a bookshelf from your website. I was assembling it but i noticed that there is a shelf missing. Can you help me?
Hello, i ordered a bookshelf from your website.
I was assembling it but i noticed that there is a shelf missing.
Can you help me?
I'm sorry to hear that. what's your order number
I'm sorry to hear that.
what's your order number
6854
Please confirm that you ordered the 5-shelf bookshelf in Oak
Yes
It came with 4 shelf
I see. Hmmm, It seems that we sent you the wrong one. did you start putting that together yet?
I see.
Hmmm, It seems that we sent you the wrong one.
did you start putting that together yet?
No. I was checking first
No.
I was checking first
Okay, great.  I will overnight the correct shelf and the delivery company will pick up that one.
Okay, great.
I will overnight the correct shelf and the delivery company will pick up that one.
That is great
Thank you for your support
You're welcome.
Hey, I recently moved into a new apartment and I wanted to place an order for a new installation and update my address in your system. Can you help me?
Hey, I recently moved into a new apartment and I wanted to place an order for a new installation and update my address in your system.
Can you help me?
Good afternoon. I'm happy to help. What's your new address
Good afternoon.
I'm happy to help.
What's your new address
My new address is 37 Ruffian Drive, Stafford, Virginia.
Let me see if we service that area.
Okay, take your time
Yes, we do service that area. I have the next appointment available on March 9th does that work
Yes, we do service that area.
I have the next appointment available on March 9th does that work
That works fine, I'll be home all day that day actually.
great. You're confirmed for march 9th between 9a and noon
great.
You're confirmed for march 9th between 9a and noon
Okay, thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with today>
No thanks, that is all I needed help with
You're welcome. have a great day
You're welcome.
have a great day
Hi I recently went away for weekend.  I noticed my online food ordering account has been hacked for $100 in purchases.  Is there anyway this could get refunded ?
Hi I recently went away for weekend.
I noticed my online food ordering account has been hacked for $100 in purchases.
Is there anyway this could get refunded ?
I'm sorry to hear that happened to you. What's your account number and username?
I'm sorry to hear that happened to you.
What's your account number and username?
47826493 jpaul123
thank you for that information.
I see the order on March 1st. It was made with your username. The company doesn't offer refunds for online orders
I see the order on March 1st.
It was made with your username.
The company doesn't offer refunds for online orders
I have been a loyal customer for years and I am disgusted acme allowed my account to get hacked.  Can you please escalate to a manager and see if they will do anything for me?
I have been a loyal customer for years and I am disgusted acme allowed my account to get hacked.
Can you please escalate to a manager and see if they will do anything for me?
Yes, I do see that you area long time customer. I will put a manager on with you. Please stand by
Yes, I do see that you area long time customer.
I will put a manager on with you.
Please stand by
Hello Greg, I
I'm Jean. I see that you have a $100 charge on your account. You are a long time customer and frequently order from us. I will refund that money and offer you a 10% discount on your next order. Use code 10%
I'm Jean.
I see that you have a $100 charge on your account.
You are a long time customer and frequently order from us.
I will refund that money and offer you a 10% discount on your next order.
Use code 10%
Great thanks so much!
You're welcome. I suggest that you change your password and username. I have logged a ticket with our security team
You're welcome.
I suggest that you change your password and username.
I have logged a ticket with our security team
Thank you of course will do.
You're welcome
I have moved and need to update my account and schedule an install please!
Welcome. I'm happy to help you. What's your new address
Welcome.
I'm happy to help you.
What's your new address
2345 grow street, alb, nm, 87107
Oh and apt 4
Great. Let me see if we service your area.
Great.
Let me see if we service your area.
Ok
Yes, we so. the next appointment available is March 9th. Does that work
Yes, we so.
the next appointment available is March 9th.
Does that work
Yes!
Please confirm that someone will be available between 4p and 8p on the 9th
Yes for sure
Great. You're confirmed for March 9th . Is there anything else I can assist you with
Great.
You're confirmed for March 9th .
Is there anything else I can assist you with
No
Have a great day
Hello, I just recently purchased tickets to a concert online and I noticed that I got charged twice for the same ticket. I didn't order two of them. Can you help me with this problem?
Hello, I just recently purchased tickets to a concert online and I noticed that I got charged twice for the same ticket.
I didn't order two of them.
Can you help me with this problem?
Hello. I'm happy to assist you. What's your order number and name of your event
Hello.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your order number and name of your event
My order number is 603664 and the name of the event is trans-siberian orchestra
Love them!  Let me look up your account
Love them!
Let me look up your account
They're great! And okay, take your time
They're great!
And okay, take your time
I see the order but I see that you have two different tickets at the same price. One in row W seat 12 and one in row AA seat 4. Which one did you want
I see the order but I see that you have two different tickets at the same price.
One in row W seat 12 and one in row AA seat 4.
Which one did you want
I purchased the AA seat 4 one. I'm not sure how I got two different seats. I didn't mean to
I purchased the AA seat 4 one.
I'm not sure how I got two different seats.
I didn't mean to
Okay, unfortunately we can't offer a refund of the other ticket. since it seems that  you ordered it
Okay, unfortunately we can't offer a refund of the other ticket.
since it seems that  you ordered it
Are you sure? I've been a loyal customer of acme for years
Are you sure?
I've been a loyal customer of acme for years
Let me talk to my supervisor.
Okay, thank you
Hi, this is Jean. I see that you are a very loyal customer and use our site often. I can't refund the ticket but I can offer you a credit for the cost of that ticket
Hi, this is Jean.
I see that you are a very loyal customer and use our site often.
I can't refund the ticket but I can offer you a credit for the cost of that ticket
Okay, that works for me. Thank you very much
Okay, that works for me.
Thank you very much
Great.  I'm glad to see that we could resolve this. I would also like to offer you a no fee ticket charge with your next purchase please use code 4598 when ordering
Great.
I'm glad to see that we could resolve this.
I would also like to offer you a no fee ticket charge with your next purchase please use code 4598 when ordering
Okay, thank you. I will use it!
Okay, thank you.
I will use it!
Great. Can I assist you with anything else
Great.
Can I assist you with anything else
No that is it, thank you very much
You're welcom
Hello, i need to update my address of my internet contract
I need a new installation
Okay.Welcome. What's our new address
Okay.Welcome.
What's our new address
5645 sw cable street miami florida
Let me see if we service that area
yes we do. the next available appointment is March 10th between noon and 4p. Does that work
yes we do.
the next available appointment is March 10th between noon and 4p.
Does that work
Are you still there
Yes that works
Sorry i got disconnected
No problem. You are confirmed fo rMarch 10th.
No problem.
You are confirmed fo rMarch 10th.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Thats fine
Thats all
Thank you for your time
thank you
Hi I opened my mailbox and a  had an unexpected call from a cell phone provider regarding a contract I never opened   Can you help me figure out what is going on and help me close out contract.
Okay, I can help you. What's the cell number associated with that contract
Okay, I can help you.
What's the cell number associated with that contract
5185982456
I've brought up that account. It says the customer name is Jay Kennedy.  Do you know that person?
I've brought up that account.
It says the customer name is Jay Kennedy.
Do you know that person?
No I do not!
Okay.  I see. I have suspended that number and logged a ticket with our investigative department. They will reach out to you directly should they need more information
Okay.
I see.
I have suspended that number and logged a ticket with our investigative department.
They will reach out to you directly should they need more information
Okay thanks so much.
You're welcome.
Help! None of my cable channels are working and my favorite show is coming on!!!
Help!
None of my cable channels are working and my favorite show is coming on!!
!
I'm sorry to see you are having that issue. What's your account number
I'm sorry to see you are having that issue.
What's your account number
643567
Have you tried rebooting  your system
Yes
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
I see that there is an outage near by.  They say that they will have it resolved within the hour.
I see that there is an outage near by.
They say that they will have it resolved within the hour.
Oh ok
By the way,I see that you are late making your payment . Can I take care of that for you today?
By the way,I see that you are late making your payment .
Can I take care of that for you today?
No I will do it later
Okay. Thank you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Hi my acct # is 6234434 and I just moved today and forgot to set up internet service at my new place
I guess I also have to update my address w you too
Welcome. I can help you with that. Please confirm your new address
Welcome.
I can help you with that.
Please confirm your new address
My new address is 3971 Wise Ave
I also don't think there's any wiring or cables here
Kind of an older row house
That's okay, there are a lot of older homes in that area. Let me just confirm that we service that area as well
That's okay, there are a lot of older homes in that area.
Let me just confirm that we service that area as well
Oh nice
Yes, we do service that area. I have also confirmed that your home is not wired. There's an installation fee of $150. Is that okay?
Yes, we do service that area.
I have also confirmed that your home is not wired.
There's an installation fee of $150.
Is that okay?
Yeah I guess
Have to have internet
Can we confirm that appt for the install?
Okay, we can have someone there on March 10th does that work
Ok I will be here
Great, the call time is between 9a and noon.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help youw ith
Nope
have a great day
I recently moved into a new apartment and I need to order new installation for my cable at my new place.
Welcome. I can help you. Please tell me your new addres
Welcome.
I can help you.
Please tell me your new addres
s
764 Main Street Hamilton, FL 87655
Apt# 36
Okay, I see that there is no wiring in that home. There will be a one-time fee of $150 to install the wireing
Okay, I see that there is no wiring in that home.
There will be a one-time fee of $150 to install the wireing
Is there any discount available? I have been a long time customer.
Is there any discount available?
I have been a long time customer.
I wish I could offer you that, but the installation is very involved. Let me see if I can offer you anything else. Standby
I wish I could offer you that, but the installation is very involved.
Let me see if I can offer you anything else.
Standby
Thank you
Okay, I can offer you free HBO for two months.
If that is the best that can be done I'll just have to accept it.
Great. The next appointment available is March 10th. Does that work
Great.
The next appointment available is March 10th.
Does that work
Yes that is fine
Okay. Please confirm that someone will be home between noon and 4p
Okay.
Please confirm that someone will be home between noon and 4p
Yes
Great. You are confirmed. Is there anything else I can help youwith
Great.
You are confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help youwith
No
Okay Have a great day
Hey, all of my channels on my tv's in my house just cut out and I've been unable to restore them myself. Can you help with this issue?
Hey, all of my channels on my tv's in my house just cut out and I've been unable to restore them myself.
Can you help with this issue?
Sure. I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number
Sure.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number
My account number is 56208
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Yes, I've tried rebooting every system that I have
Okay. let me see if there are any issues in your area
Okay.
let me see if there are any issues in your area
Okay, thanks
yes, I see that there is an outage in your area. It should be resolved within the hour
yes, I see that there is an outage in your area.
It should be resolved within the hour
Okay. I guess I'll check it in an hour and get back to customer service if there is still a problem
Okay.
I guess I'll check it in an hour and get back to customer service if there is still a problem
Okay. I also see that you are overdue in making your March payment. Would you like to take care of that with me now?
Okay.
I also see that you are overdue in making your March payment.
Would you like to take care of that with me now?
Sure. Can you just charge my card?
Sure.
Can you just charge my card?
yes, I can charge the $50 to  the card on file ending in 5698
Okay, that's fine.
Great, it went through. Is there anything else I can help with
Great, it went through.
Is there anything else I can help with
Nope, that is all. Thank you for your help
Nope, that is all.
Thank you for your help
You're welcome
I purchased tickets to a live show and I was double charged. Please fix this!!!
I purchased tickets to a live show and I was double charged.
Please fix this!!
!
I can help you with this problem. What's your order number and name of event
I can help you with this problem.
What's your order number and name of event
6346763 and Pink concert
Love her!! Let me review your order. Stand by
Love her!!
Let me review your order.
Stand by
Ok
I see that there are two charges but that's because two seats were booked. Row W seat 4 and Row AA seat 12.
I see that there are two charges but that's because two seats were booked.
Row W seat 4 and Row AA seat 12.
I only need one seat! Don't know how that happened!
I only need one seat!
Don't know how that happened!
Which seat?
Row AA
Closer right?
yes, that's the better seat. But, because you ordered both seats, I can't offer a refund for the second seat
yes, that's the better seat.
But, because you ordered both seats, I can't offer a refund for the second seat
Why not! I didn't order both. Just one!
Why not!
I didn't order both.
Just one!
I see that you are a loyal customer, let me see if there's anything we can do
Ok thanks!
Okay. I can't refund that ticket but I can offer you a credit to use on your next order
Okay.
I can't refund that ticket but I can offer you a credit to use on your next order
Ok sounds great!
Enjoy the concert!
Hi....I think my cable just went out. Are you able to help  with that or do I need to call in?
Hi....I think my cable just went out.
Are you able to help  with that or do I need to call in?
No, I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
No, I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your account number
It just went out and looks like all channels.
Acct # 821455-65777
Have you tried rebooting the system
Oh
No let me try
That's like magic
All my channels back!
That's great. I'm happy to see that it was easily resolved.
That's great.
I'm happy to see that it was easily resolved.
Yeah not sure what's up but working fine now
I see that you are overdue in making your march payment. Would you like to take care of that with me nwo
I see that you are overdue in making your march payment.
Would you like to take care of that with me nwo
now
Yes that's fine
Great. I've charged your card ending in 6584 - $50. It went through \
Great.
I've charged your card ending in 6584 - $50.
It went through \
That's the one
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome
Nope
Thx
great
Hi, I got up  today to find my cable channels aren't working. Can you help me figure out what's wrong?
Hi, I got up  today to find my cable channels aren't working.
Can you help me figure out what's wrong?
I'm sorry to hear that I can help. what's your account number
I'm sorry to hear that I can help.
what's your account number
68835566
Have you tried rebooting the system
Yes
Okay let me see if there are any outages in the area
Okay thank you
yes, there is an outage in your area. It should be resolved within the hour
yes, there is an outage in your area.
It should be resolved within the hour
Thank you!
I see that you also have an outstanding payment due. Can I take care of that for you today
I see that you also have an outstanding payment due.
Can I take care of that for you today
Yes that would be fine
done. your card ending in 6998 has been charged $50. is there anything else I can assist with
done.
your card ending in 6998 has been charged $50.
is there anything else I can assist with
That's it thank you.
You're welcome
Hello, i have a problem. None of my channels are working.
Hello, i have a problem.
None of my channels are working.
I unplugged and plugged all the cables
I can help you with this. When did you last reboot?
I can help you with this.
When did you last reboot?
Last month
Please try it now
Ok i Will
Hold on
Its working now
Great. I see that you are overdue in making your March payment would you like to do that with me now
Great.
I see that you are overdue in making your March payment would you like to do that with me now
Yes Please. Do you have my credit card information?
Yes Please.
Do you have my credit card information?
Done. Charged $50 to card ending in 5588
Done.
Charged $50 to card ending in 5588
Thank you
Thats all
Have a great day
thank you
Hey, I missed my flight back home because of snow and I wasn't able to contact the airline at the resort I was staying at the past few days. I'm now able to contact you for the forseeable future , but I wanted to know when the next available flight was going to be and if I can purchase a ticket for it. Can you help me?
Hey, I missed my flight back home because of snow and I wasn't able to contact the airline at the resort I was staying at the past few days.
I'm now able to contact you for the forseeable future , but I wanted to know when the next available flight was going to be and if I can purchase a ticket for it.
Can you help me?
I'm so sorry to see that you missed your flight. What was your flight number and departure city. Also, please tell me the passenger name(s)
I'm so sorry to see that you missed your flight.
What was your flight number and departure city.
Also, please tell me the passenger name(s)
My flight number was 313 and my departure city was Denver, CO. The passenger name is Brittany Ratten
My flight number was 313 and my departure city was Denver, CO.
The passenger name is Brittany Ratten
Let me check available flights
Okay take your time
there are two flights one at 6p and one at 6p do either of those work
Yes, either is fine
Okay your confirmed on the 6p. Please look in your inbox for your flight confirmation. I'll wait
Okay your confirmed on the 6p.
Please look in your inbox for your flight confirmation.
I'll wait
I just got the email.
Great. Have a safe flight
Great.
Have a safe flight
Thank you for your help!
You're welcome
I am in holiday and got snowed in and missed my flight! I need to tell the airline what happened and get a new flight!
I am in holiday and got snowed in and missed my flight!
I need to tell the airline what happened and get a new flight!
I'm so sorry to see that you missed your flight. What was your flight number and departure city. Also, please tell me the passenger name(s)
I'm so sorry to see that you missed your flight.
What was your flight number and departure city.
Also, please tell me the passenger name(s)
#4677, Anchorage, Marcy Lee
Let me check available flights
Ok
There are two departing flights tonight 6p and 8p. Do either of those work
There are two departing flights tonight 6p and 8p.
Do either of those work
6 pm would be great!
Great. And because  you're a Gold Charter member there's no extra fee. Please check your inbox for the flight confirmation. I'll stand by
Great.
And because  you're a Gold Charter member there's no extra fee.
Please check your inbox for the flight confirmation.
I'll stand by
Ok one sec
It's there
Great. Have a safe flight
Great.
Have a safe flight
Thanks
You're welcome
Hi. We bought 4 tickets for Disney on Ice at the United Center on March 19
Hi.
We bought 4 tickets for Disney on Ice at the United Center on March 19
Looks like it charged twice
Should only be the order for two adults two kids
I'm sorry.  I'm happy to assist. What's your order number
I'm sorry.
I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number
Order # is 68191662
Last four digits on cc is 8123
If that helps
I see that you were in fact double billed. I'm sorry about that. I've credited your account but it may take up to a week to hit  your card. I'd like to offer you two free light up toys. Please see your inbox for the coupon
I see that you were in fact double billed.
I'm sorry about that.
I've credited your account but it may take up to a week to hit  your card.
I'd like to offer you two free light up toys.
Please see your inbox for the coupon
Oh wow
That's really kind
A week to clear is fine too
have a great time!
Hello, i have a problem. I bought two tickets to the john legend concert. For some unkown reason, you guys charge me double
Hello, i have a problem.
I bought two tickets to the john legend concert.
For some unkown reason, you guys charge me double
I like a refund Please
Love John Legend! What's your order number?
Love John Legend!
What's your order number?
He is the best. The number is 57757
He is the best.
The number is 57757
I see that you ordered twice. Seats 13 and 14 in row W and Seats 15 and 16 in row AA
I see that you ordered twice.
Seats 13 and 14 in row W and Seats 15 and 16 in row AA
I would like to cancel Seats 15 and 16
Unfortunately, because you ordered both, I can't refund the tickets
What can we do?
You are a loyal customer, let me see if there's anything I can do
Please
I can credit you the amount to use on your next purchase but I can't refund the money
Thats perfect. I can use it for next concerts
Thats perfect.
I can use it for next concerts
Thank you for understanding
Great. I'm glad you
Great.
I'm glad you
are happy with that resolution
Is there anything else I can help you with
Thats all
Thank you
Have a great day
Are you there?
Hey there, we were experiencing technical difficulties.
Hey Jose, I am sorry for this.
Ok no problem
It was a pleasure helping you, Have a great day further.
You too
Hi I recently ordered tickets to see a concert and when looking at my bank account I noticed I was charged twice. Is there some way to take one off?
Hi I recently ordered tickets to see a concert and when looking at my bank account I noticed I was charged twice.
Is there some way to take one off?
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist. What's the order number and event name
I'm sorry to hear that I can assist.
What's the order number and event name
Event name is: Beyoncé Spears order # 6447388
Okay. I see that you ordered tickets for two different seat groupings. Row AA seats 13 and 14 and Row W seat 3 and 4
Okay.
I see that you ordered tickets for two different seat groupings.
Row AA seats 13 and 14 and Row W seat 3 and 4
I only wanted AA 13 & 14
I don't know how Row W was ordered too
You are a loyal customer we don't give refunds but let me see what we can do
Okay thank you.
I can credit you that amount but I can't refund that money
The event hasn't happened yet there is really no way to get a refund? the tickets aren't used yet.
The event hasn't happened yet there is really no way to get a refund?
the tickets aren't used yet.
You are a loyal customer. Let me see if there's anything I can do
You are a loyal customer.
Let me see if there's anything I can do
Ok
Hello?
Hey there, we were experiencing technical difficulties.
I am back online.
Okay
Ok I have checked with my supervisor. Seem he is happy that we make the refund to you
Ok I have checked with my supervisor.
Seem he is happy that we make the refund to you
One moment while I process the refund
Thank you very much I appreciate it.
Ok your credit cards has been refunded, the balance should be visible within the next 2 days
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No but thank you.
Thanks you
Hi! We have been snowed in at Killington the last 2 days and no power
Hi!
We have been snowed in at Killington the last 2 days and no power
Just got to Hartford a moment ago but our flight to Chicago to go home was this AM
Give me the bad news
How long are we stranded here?
I will try and get you out... what's your flight number?
The flight we missed was United Shuttle 1708
9:15 this am was departure
Okay, we have a flight out of Hartford at 5p this evening. Does that work
Okay, we have a flight out of Hartford at 5p this evening.
Does that work
Wow really? Can we both get on that?
Wow really?
Can we both get on that?
Yes sir. Also, I see that you are a Platinum Member so I can upgrade you to first class for free.
Yes sir.
Also, I see that you are a Platinum Member so I can upgrade you to first class for free.
Oh man that would be great
I swear we're going to the beach next winter instead of skiing
Thanks for the help
Sorry phone cut out for a sec
Hello?
I think we got cut off?
Hey there, we were experiencing technical difficulties.
Oh no problem
Happens
Anyway thanks for the resolution on this
Free is always good
Ok your flights are booked, you should be receiving an email soon:)
Thanks again
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No.  Thanks so much for the help
No.
Thanks so much for the help
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hello, i have a problem. Due to the snow, i lost my return flight and i could call the airline because the resort had no externas conmunucations. Can you help me Find the next flight available?
Hello, i have a problem.
Due to the snow, i lost my return flight and i could call the airline because the resort had no externas conmunucations.
Can you help me Find the next flight available?
Hey Jose, I am sorry to hear this. Let me assist you with getting back home as soon as possible.
Hey Jose, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me assist you with getting back home as soon as possible.
Thank you
Could you please provide me with your flight number ?
567
Ok, one moment while I pull this flight details
Ok
OK I see you are in luck, that specific flight was also canceled due to the snow.
I will be able to book you a new return flight.
Great
The next available flights at 6pm and 9pm
6 pm is fine
OK let me try book this for you.
Ok
OK I have two seats available, One is a window seat the other is on the ilse
Which would you like?
Aile
Great, one moment while I do this..
Ok
Your flight is booked, you should be receiving and email with confirmation and flight details as we speak.
I did
Let me check
Ok, I wil standby.
I see all the info
Thanks
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thats all Thank you
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi in was vacationing this last weekend at a resort that ended up being snowed in. I was unable to make my flight. Is there any way I can get on the next flight today?
Hi in was vacationing this last weekend at a resort that ended up being snowed in.
I was unable to make my flight.
Is there any way I can get on the next flight today?
Hey Marie, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the flight number which you missed?
Flight # 7544
One moment while I pull up this information.
Thank you
OK, great news... it seems this flight was also canceled due to the weather.
Oh great!
As a result, I would be able to book you a new flight free of charge?
Awesome thanks!
The next available flight is between 6pm and 9pm
Sorry I mean is at 6pm and 9pm
6pm would work well
Great, let me book that for you...
Would a window seat work for you?
Yes perfect
Great. One moment while I book this.
Great.
One moment while I book this.
Ok thanks
Your flight is booked, you should be receiving and email with confirmation and flight details as we speak.
Thank you I just got it.
Great, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it thanks so much!
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
You too
Hello?
hello. Great. I got it and the ping
hello.
Great.
I got it and the ping
Hey I got it:)
great
is there anything else I can help you with today
No thank you:)
U can end this chat
sorry. right
sorry.
right
I recently moved to a new apartment. I need to change my address and place an order for installation
I recently moved to a new apartment.
I need to change my address and place an order for installation
Good afternoon Matt. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Good afternoon Matt.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address
It's 123 Fake St, Chicago IL 60613
Thank you for that information. Let me confirm that we service that area
Thank you for that information.
Let me confirm that we service that area
Great thank you
Yes, we do offer service in your area.
The next available appointment is March 9th. Does that work
The next available appointment is March 9th.
Does that work
Sounds good, can I make an appointment for Monday?
March 9th works
We are on the same page!
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon
Yep, that won't be a problem
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th.
Great.
You are confirmed for March 9th.
Is there anything else I can help you with todau?
Sounds good thanks
today
That'll be everything
You're welcome. Have a good rest of your day.
You're welcome.
Have a good rest of your day.
I'm having a problem where none of my cable channels are currently working
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist you. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that and happy to assist you.
What's your account number?
0448562
Thank you for that information. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Thank you for that information.
Have you tried rebooting your system?
I have. It didn't seem to work
I have.
It didn't seem to work
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Okay.
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Great thanks
Yes, I see that there is an outage nearby. I am told it should be resolved within the hour.
Yes, I see that there is an outage nearby.
I am told it should be resolved within the hour.
Sounds good, thanks for your help
You're welcome is there anything else i can assist you with today?
That'll be all
Okay. Thank you.
Okay.
Thank you.
I purchased tickets for a concert. I just realized that I was double charged for the purchase. I'd like help removing the extra charge
I purchased tickets for a concert.
I just realized that I was double charged for the purchase.
I'd like help removing the extra charge
I'm sorry to hear you are having that issue. What's  your order number?
I'm sorry to hear you are having that issue.
What's  your order number?
045623
Great. Let me take a look
Great.
Let me take a look
I see that you were double billed. I will refund the second billing.
I see that you were double billed.
I will refund the second billing.
The refund should hit your account in two days
Great thank you. This was very helpful
Great thank you.
This was very helpful
You're welcome. Enjoy the concert
You're welcome.
Enjoy the concert
I'm currently snowed in on vacation and as a result I missed my scheduled flight. I wanted to inform you and check when the next flights will be available.
I'm currently snowed in on vacation and as a result I missed my scheduled flight.
I wanted to inform you and check when the next flights will be available.
So sorry that you missed your flight. I'm happy to assist you. What was your flight number?
So sorry that you missed your flight.
I'm happy to assist you.
What was your flight number?
It's 06545
Thank you. I see that you are in Boston. The next flights available are 7p tonight or 7a tomorrow morning. Do any of those work for you?
Thank you.
I see that you are in Boston.
The next flights available are 7p tonight or 7a tomorrow morning.
Do any of those work for you?
I can make the 7am flight tomorrow morning
Great. As it turns out your current flight was also canceled so I can put you on this flight at no additional charge.
Great.
As it turns out your current flight was also canceled so I can put you on this flight at no additional charge.
Sounds great, thank you
Please check your inbox for your flight confirmation. I will hold
Please check your inbox for your flight confirmation.
I will hold
Thanks I see it now
Great. Have a safe flight.
Great.
Have a safe flight.
Thanks!
You're welcome
I recently relocated to a new place and I have to info u guys about the update of my new residence. I want to place an order for a new installation, but my address doesn't have the cabling.
I recently relocated to a new place and I have to info u guys about the update of my new residence.
I want to place an order for a new installation, but my address doesn't have the cabling.
Good morning Marideth. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Good morning Marideth.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address?
1638 Marilee way, north Virginia , 2574577
Is there any apartment number?
7
They told me there was a tree blocking the way and that's why I can't get cable.
Okay, Thank you for that information. Let me see if we can service your area.
Okay, Thank you for that information.
Let me see if we can service your area.
Ok
Yes, we do service your area. The first available appointment is March 9th. Does that work for you?
Yes, we do service your area.
The first available appointment is March 9th.
Does that work for you?
Yes, it does. But how much will it cost me each month?
Yes, it does.
But how much will it cost me each month?
It depends on the package that you choose. Please look online for what we offer and choose the best plan for you.
It depends on the package that you choose.
Please look online for what we offer and choose the best plan for you.
Please confirm that someone will be home between 9a and noon for the service.
I did and I want the premium offer for 29.99
Okay, great I will update  your information.
You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Are you still there?
Yes, Did you see my previous posts?:
Yes, Did you see my previous posts?
:
Got it, sorry about that
No Problem. Have a great day
No Problem.
Have a great day
That will be all, thank you
You're welcome
I just moved to a new apartment and need to update the address on my account as well as schedule an installation
Good morning Bill. I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address?
Good morning Bill.
I'm happy to help you with that.
What's your new address?
12 Washington st Denver CO 37372
Thank you. Is there an apartment number?
Thank you.
Is there an apartment number?
Yes sorry. Apartment 7B
Yes sorry.
Apartment 7B
Okay, great. Let me see if we service that area
Okay, great.
Let me see if we service that area
Ok
Yes, we do service that area. The next appointment is March 9th. Does that work
Yes, we do service that area.
The next appointment is March 9th.
Does that work
Yes that would be good. What time will the tech be coming?
Yes that would be good.
What time will the tech be coming?
Would you like 9a to noon or 2p to 6p?
9 to noon would work better for me
Great. You are confirmed for installation on March 9th between 9a and noon.
Great.
You are confirmed for installation on March 9th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Nope that's it. Thanks for your help.
Nope that's it.
Thanks for your help.
Have a great day.
I'm calling to let you guys know that I purchased your service two days ago and none of me tv channels are working. What is the problem?
I'm calling to let you guys know that I purchased your service two days ago and none of me tv channels are working.
What is the problem?
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number?
852845995213
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Yes, it won't work
I unplugged the modem too
Okay, Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Ok
I do see that there is an outage nearby. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
I do see that there is an outage nearby.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
I would like a free month of service too
Ok
I can credit you for the day but can't credit it you for the month. I see that you're on the premium plan - It will show the credit on your next bill.
I can credit you for the day but can't credit it you for the month.
I see that you're on the premium plan - It will show the credit on your next bill.
Ok
Thank you
You're welcome. Please contact us if you don't see the cable back on in the hour
You're welcome.
Please contact us if you don't see the cable back on in the hour
Ok
Have a great dayh
I just moved into a new apartment and need my internet installed at my new residence. The new place doesn't have the required cabling.
I just moved into a new apartment and need my internet installed at my new residence.
The new place doesn't have the required cabling.
Good Morning Bill. I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address
Good Morning Bill.
I'm happy to help you with that.
What's your new address
125 seaboard rd, andrews SC. Appt 34C
125 seaboard rd, andrews SC.
Appt 34C
Thank you for that information. Let me see if we service that area.
Thank you for that information.
Let me see if we service that area.
We do service that area. The next appointment we have is March 9th. Does that work for you?
We do service that area.
The next appointment we have is March 9th.
Does that work for you?
Yes
Would you like 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
9 to noon
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon.
Great.
You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all
Have a great day
Hey, I'm having issues with my cable service and none of the channels are working right now
I'm sorry to hear that you are having an issue. I'm happy to assist you.
I'm sorry to hear that you are having an issue.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number
Thanks
937392729766
Have you tried rebooting the system
I tried that
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Okay.
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Ok
I see that there is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
I see that there is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Ok thanks. I hope he fixes it before the game starts
Ok thanks.
I hope he fixes it before the game starts
I'm sure he'll do his best! Have a great day
I'm sure he'll do his best!
Have a great day
I recently purchased tickets for a concert and when I got back, I saw I was double charged
I want to know why and I want a full refund.
I'm sorry to hear you had that problem. What's your order number
I'm sorry to hear you had that problem.
What's your order number
2755747003
I see the order for the two tickets and see that you were double billed. I'm not sure but it may have been a keying error. I've credited back the extra payment. You should see the refund in two days
I see the order for the two tickets and see that you were double billed.
I'm not sure but it may have been a keying error.
I've credited back the extra payment.
You should see the refund in two days
Ok, thank you
That will be all, have a nice day.
Thank you.
I was snowed in at a resort and  I missed my flight
I just arrived in town and I'm calling to see what the next flight to Oahu will be and when?
I'm sorry that you missed your flight. Which flight number and what is your departure city
I'm sorry that you missed your flight.
Which flight number and what is your departure city
It was number 32 and I'm in Klamath falls. I need to be in Waikiki at 4 this afternoon
It was number 32 and I'm in Klamath falls.
I need to be in Waikiki at 4 this afternoon
I will see what I can do. Please stand by
I will see what I can do.
Please stand by
Ok
I see two flights that will get you to Waikiki by 4p. There is one leaving at 9a and another at 11a. Which works for you
I see two flights that will get you to Waikiki by 4p.
There is one leaving at 9a and another at 11a.
Which works for you
The 11
Will it be. Extra
Will it be.
Extra
Great. You are confirmed for 11am flight W234. I also see that you are a Platinum Member with us. I can upgrade you for an additional $50. There is no fee for the regular change
Great.
You are confirmed for 11am flight W234.
I also see that you are a Platinum Member with us.
I can upgrade you for an additional $50.
There is no fee for the regular change
Ok that works
I'll take the upgrade
Great. You are confirmed. Please check your email for the confirmation. I'll hold
Great.
You are confirmed.
Please check your email for the confirmation.
I'll hold
It's there
Great. Have a safe flight
Great.
Have a safe flight
Ok
Good morning! I'm moving today and realized I haven't set up new internet at my new apartment. Can I do that from here?
Good morning!
I'm moving today and realized I haven't set up new internet at my new apartment.
Can I do that from here?
If it's possible also need to update my billing info address.
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Good morning.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address?
New address is 4523 Heritage Rd
St Peters MO
63303
Is there an apartment number?
Apt A
Great. Let me see if we service that area
Great.
Let me see if we service that area
Thanks
Also I don't think it's wired for service
Noticed that when we were apartment hunting
You are correct. There is no wiring. There will be a $125 installation charge. We can bill you over 3 months if that helps.
You are correct.
There is no wiring.
There will be a $125 installation charge.
We can bill you over 3 months if that helps.
Hmm
The earliest appointment is March 9th. Does that work?
The earliest appointment is March 9th.
Does that work?
OK
That's fine
And March 9 works. One of us will be home all day
And March 9 works.
One of us will be home all day
okay. Would you like 9a to noon or 4p to 8p?
okay.
Would you like 9a to noon or 4p to 8p?
We'll take the morning appointment
If we can
Okay. You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay.
You are confirmed for March 9th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope! Thanks for the assist
Nope!
Thanks for the assist
You're welcome
I purchased a ticket for the concert next week but it looks like I was charged twice. Can you fix this for me?
I purchased a ticket for the concert next week but it looks like I was charged twice.
Can you fix this for me?
Hi Bill. I'm sorry you had this issue. What's your order number and event name?
Hi Bill.
I'm sorry you had this issue.
What's your order number and event name?
It's the JayZ concert on Mar 19. Order number 372728
It's the JayZ concert on Mar 19.
Order number 372728
Thanks. I see the order and yes, unfortunately you were double billed. I apologize for that inconvenience.
Thanks.
I see the order and yes, unfortunately you were double billed.
I apologize for that inconvenience.
That's ok. The charge will be refunded?
That's ok.
The charge will be refunded?
Yes, you should see the refund in two days,
Is there anything else I can help you with
Ok good. Thanks for your help. That's all.
Ok good.
Thanks for your help.
That's all.
You're welcom
Hi. My cable channels are not working
Hi.
My cable channels are not working
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your account number
37846
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting the system?
Thank you.
Have you tried rebooting the system?
No not yet
Okay, Please do that now and let me know if that works
Ok that worked
Great. I'm glad that we were able to resolve the problem quickly.
Great.
I'm glad that we were able to resolve the problem quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Thank you. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
I was snowed in at my hotel over the weekend and the phone service as out. I just made it back into town and am finally able to make calls. I missed my flight and want to see when the next available flight is.
I was snowed in at my hotel over the weekend and the phone service as out.
I just made it back into town and am finally able to make calls.
I missed my flight and want to see when the next available flight is.
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is the flight number you missed and what was your departure city
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight.
What is the flight number you missed and what was your departure city
Aspen Co 2626
Okay, I see two flights leaving Aspen today. Would you prefer 11a or 2p
Okay, I see two flights leaving Aspen today.
Would you prefer 11a or 2p
11 would be great. I'm already on my way to the airport now
11 would be great.
I'm already on my way to the airport now
Okay. I also see that you are a Platinum Member. I can offer you an  upgrade to First Class. Would you like to do that?
Okay.
I also see that you are a Platinum Member.
I can offer you an  upgrade to First Class.
Would you like to do that?
Yea definitely. Thank you!
Yea definitely.
Thank you!
Great. You are all set. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I will wait.
Great.
You are all set.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
I will wait.
I got it.
Have a safe flight. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have a safe flight.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's it. Thanks again.
That's it.
Thanks again.
You're welcome
Hi just checking to see if there's some kind of outage in our neighborhood? Cable's out
Hi just checking to see if there's some kind of outage in our neighborhood?
Cable's out
No channels at all ATM
Okay. I
Okay.
I
am sorry to hear you're having an issue. What's your account number?
am sorry to hear you're having an issue.
What's your account number?
Oh and I just tried powering down everything and restarting
Still no tv
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Okay.
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Acct # is 9175447112
We're on Locust Ave in Maryland Heights if that helps
I see that there is an outage in your area. The technician says is should be resolved within the hour.
I see that there is an outage in your area.
The technician says is should be resolved within the hour.
Oh! Ok cool
Oh!
Ok cool
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due. Would you like to pay that how with me over the phone?
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due.
Would you like to pay that how with me over the phone?
I think we have a card on file w you?
Yes, there is a card on file. Please confirm that I can put through a charge for $50
Yes, there is a card on file.
Please confirm that I can put through a charge for $50
If so yeah go ahead and pay w that
5891
Done. Your confirmation number is 65842264
Done.
Your confirmation number is 65842264
Thanks
You are welcome.
Hi I don't know if this is something you can check but I just now ordered two tickets to the Cardinals game on May 3
And it looks like it charged twice
I can assist you with this. What's your order number?
I can assist you with this.
What's your order number?
7192273621
Last four digits on cc 6523
Okay. I pulled up your order. It looks like you have two orders. There's one in Section G Row 15 seats 12 an 13 and one for Section B Row 12 seats 3 and 4.
Okay.
I pulled up your order.
It looks like you have two orders.
There's one in Section G Row 15 seats 12 an 13 and one for Section B Row 12 seats 3 and 4.
Yeah I ordered the row 15 seats but not that second set
Hmmm. Well since the order is on your account. I'm not sure what we can do. Please stand by
Hmmm.
Well since the order is on your account.
I'm not sure what we can do.
Please stand by
Ok
I see that you are a long standing customer on your site and that you order tickets often. I can't refund that money but I can credit that amount to a future order.
I see that you are a long standing customer on your site and that you order tickets often.
I can't refund that money but I can credit that amount to a future order.
You're sure this error is on my end?
I guess I'll take the credit
Thank you. It's hard for me to tell. You can text our site security department 18005556989 and perhaps they can confirm.
Thank you.
It's hard for me to tell.
You can text our site security department 18005556989 and perhaps they can confirm.
Ok
I can also offer you 20% off your next ticket order. Use code 20%
I can also offer you 20% off your next ticket order.
Use code 20%
I will give the 800 number a shot as we'll
Well
Please enjoy the discount. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Please enjoy the discount.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
Thanks
You're welcome
Hi. Just noticed I was double charged for the tickets I purchased for the Kiss concert.
Hi.
Just noticed I was double charged for the tickets I purchased for the Kiss concert.
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. I'm happy to assist. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue.
I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number?
47646
I've pulled up that order and see that  you ordered the two tickets and that you were double billed. I apologize for that error and will credit your card on file for that amount.
I've pulled up that order and see that  you ordered the two tickets and that you were double billed.
I apologize for that error and will credit your card on file for that amount.
Thank you
You should see the refund in two days. And, because of this error we'd like to offer  you a 20% discount on your next purchase. Please use code 20%
You should see the refund in two days.
And, because of this error we'd like to offer  you a 20% discount on your next purchase.
Please use code 20%
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all
Have a great day and enjoy the concert
Hi can anyone there help us out? Got snowed in from blizzard in Tahoe and just got to airport
Hi can anyone there help us out?
Got snowed in from blizzard in Tahoe and just got to airport
Missed our flight to St. Louis by a half hour
No power at the resort or we would have called
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. I'm happy to assist you.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's the flight number you missed and the name of the passengers?
Flight was United 371 to STL connecting thru Dallas
We'll take anything that can get us home this weekend
Sure. I'm looking now.
Sure.
I'm looking now.
I see that we have two options. 2p which also connects through Dallas or 4p which is a direct flight.
I see that we have two options.
2p which also connects through Dallas or 4p which is a direct flight.
I think we'd as soon take the nonstop
If you can get us on that
Great. I also see that you're a Platinum Member Flyer so there is no additional charge for the flight change.
Great.
I also see that you're a Platinum Member Flyer so there is no additional charge for the flight change.
Oh excellent
You are confirmed on Flight 567 departing at 4pm today. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold
You are confirmed on Flight 567 departing at 4pm today.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
I'll hold
Ok I just got it
You're a lifesaver
Great. Have a safe Flight and thank you for choosing United
Great.
Have a safe Flight and thank you for choosing United
Hello. I missed my return flight due to getting snowed in at the resort, and had no way to communicate with you prior to missing the flight. Can you get me on an upcoming flight ?
Hello.
I missed my return flight due to getting snowed in at the resort, and had no way to communicate with you prior to missing the flight.
Can you get me on an upcoming flight ?
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. I'm happy to assist you.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
I'm happy to assist you.
Thanks
I see that we have two options. 2p which also connects through Dallas or 4p which is a direct flight.
I see that we have two options.
2p which also connects through Dallas or 4p which is a direct flight.
4p direct will work
Okay, do you prefer aisle or window?
Are you still there?
Aisle
Sorry about that
Great. You are confirmed. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold
Great.
You are confirmed.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
I'll hold
Ok got it
Have a safe flight and thank you for flying Delta
Hi, I recently moved to a new apartment and I need to order  installation for cable to be put in at my new place please.
Good morning Penny, I'm happy to help. What's your new address?
Good morning Penny, I'm happy to help.
What's your new address?
143 Howardson Rd Rainbow, Alabama 98764
Apt# 342
Okay. Let me see if we service that area.
Okay.
Let me see if we service that area.
Ok
I see that we do service your area. I also note that there are currently no cables installed at that address so we will need to do a full installation. The cost for that is $125. We can charge that across three billing statements if that helps.
I see that we do service your area.
I also note that there are currently no cables installed at that address so we will need to do a full installation.
The cost for that is $125.
We can charge that across three billing statements if that helps.
Is there any discounts since u have been a loyal customer for the past 8 years?
Since I*
I do see that  you are a longstanding customer. Let me see what we can do
I do see that  you are a longstanding customer.
Let me see what we can do
thank you
Okay. I can offer you HBO free for two months.
Okay.
I can offer you HBO free for two months.
That's great
Thank you
I'm glad that works for you. The first appointment we have is March 9th. Does that work for you?
I'm glad that works for you.
The first appointment we have is March 9th.
Does that work for you?
Yes perfct
Perfect
Would you prefer 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
2 pm
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th, 2p - 6p.
Great.
You are confirmed for March 9th, 2p - 6p.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thanks
You're welcome
Hi, I bought a dining table online and you guys sent me the wrong one! Please send the right one!
Hi, I bought a dining table online and you guys sent me the wrong one!
Please send the right one!
Good morning Rose. I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue. What's your order number?
Good morning Rose.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this issue.
What's your order number?
642467
I see that  you order the round 42" Oak table. What did you receive?
I see that  you order the round 42" Oak table.
What did you receive?
A 37 inch metal table
Okay, Yes, I'm sorry about that. We will your table to you by the end of the day today. Please confirm that someone will be available between 4p and 6p
Okay, Yes, I'm sorry about that.
We will your table to you by the end of the day today.
Please confirm that someone will be available between 4p and 6p
Yes I'll be there
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope
Have a great day.
Hi, my cable service went out and I have no tv channels working. Can you help me fix this before my show comes on?
Hi, my cable service went out and I have no tv channels working.
Can you help me fix this before my show comes on?
I'm sorry to hear you're having an issue. What's your account number
I'm sorry to hear you're having an issue.
What's your account number
5532456
Thank you for that information. Have you tried rebooting the system?
Thank you for that information.
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Yes
When did you last try that?
An hour ago
Please try it again while I'm on with you and let me know if that helps
Ok
Alright I just rebooted it and it works now. Thank you
Alright I just rebooted it and it works now.
Thank you
That's great. I'm happy that is was easily resolved. Is the picture coming in clearly.
That's great.
I'm happy that is was easily resolved.
Is the picture coming in clearly.
Yes it is
Good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Good.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that's it
Thanks
Hi I recently ordered tickets to see a show and I noticed I was double charged. Can I get a refund on the 2nd charge please?
Hi I recently ordered tickets to see a show and I noticed I was double charged.
Can I get a refund on the 2nd charge please?
Oops
Sorry disregard that.
There is nothing else I need today thank you.
You're welcome
I've just moved and I need to transfer my service
Good morning. I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address
Good morning.
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your new address
66 mockingbird lane, cola sc 29209
Okay, Thanks for that information. Let me see if we service that area
Okay, Thanks for that information.
Let me see if we service that area
Ok
We do service that area. But, I see that there is no cable installed so we'll need to do a complete install. There is a charge of $125 to do that. We can bill you over three months. Does that work
We do service that area.
But, I see that there is no cable installed so we'll need to do a complete install.
There is a charge of $125 to do that.
We can bill you over three months.
Does that work
That sounds great
When can we get it installed
Thank you. The first appointment is March 9th
Thank you.
The first appointment is March 9th
That'll work, what time?  Do I need to be there?
That'll work, what time?
Do I need to be there?
Yes, between 9a and noon or 2p - 4p
Let's do 9-noon I have an afternoon appt.
Confirmed. Is there anything else I can help you with
Confirmed.
Is there anything else I can help you with
No that'll do it thanks
You're welcome.
My cellphone service just stopped without notice! Very bad day for this to happen. Can you tell me what happened???
My cellphone service just stopped without notice!
Very bad day for this to happen.
Can you tell me what happened??
?
I'm sorry you are having this issue. What's your cell number, I'm happy to take a look
I'm sorry you are having this issue.
What's your cell number, I'm happy to take a look
764-356-5356
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but unfortunately it was declines.
Oh no!!!
Oh no!!
!
Can you try again?
Yes, I'm happy to send the charge through on card ending 6587
Yes that one
Done. Your confirmation number is 522465
Done.
Your confirmation number is 522465
Awesome! Thanks!!!
Awesome!
Thanks!!
!
You're welcome
Hi I have a problem on my cable netw
Tv channels are not working
Anyone there?
Help me
Anyone there?
Sorry, My system went down \
I'm back up. What's your account number
I'm back up.
What's your account number
4532876509
Verified?
Yes, have you tried rebooting the system?
No
Please try that now and let me know if it helps
Yes it's working now but visual is not clear
Okay. Let me see if there any issues in your area,
Okay.
Let me see if there any issues in your area,
Yes now it's working well
It's good now
Thanks for your help
You're welcome
Good morning, I purchased a dining table online and received the wrong one.
Sorry to hear that I'm happy to assist. What's your order number
Sorry to hear that I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number
58357
I see you ordered the Oak 42". What did you receive?
I see you ordered the Oak 42".
What did you receive?
A round black metal with glass top.
I see what happened. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
I see what happened.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
Great thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi
I ordered tickets to a show and noticed I was double charged
Can I get a reversal on the 2nd charge please?
What is your order number?
66334465
I see the order and see that you were double billed. I"m sorry about that. I've issued you the credit and  you should see the refund in two days.
I see the order and see that you were double billed.
I"m sorry about that.
I've issued you the credit and  you should see the refund in two days.
Great thank you!!
Great thank you!
!
You're welcome.
We bought a dining room table online from you and I think you sent the wrong one
This table is natural wood. We ordered a black one
This table is natural wood.
We ordered a black one
I'm sorry about this. What's your order number"
I'm sorry about this.
What's your order number"
70167281
Is order no
I see what happened. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
I see what happened.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
Oh wow
That would be great if you can do that
I can also offer  you a 20% discount on any future orders. Is there anything else Ican help you with today?
I can also offer  you a 20% discount on any future orders.
Is there anything else Ican help you with today?
The discount is awesome
Thanks
Happy with this resolution
You're welcome. I'm glad we were able to resolve it for you.
You're welcome.
I'm glad we were able to resolve it for you.
Hi! I am away on vacation and I got snowed in at my resort. I missed my flight and I need to explain this to the airline and get a new flight!
Hi!
I am away on vacation and I got snowed in at my resort.
I missed my flight and I need to explain this to the airline and get a new flight!
I'm so sorry to hear that. What's your flight number and departure city
I'm so sorry to hear that.
What's your flight number and departure city
#3567 Aspen
I see there are two flight. 2p and 4p. Do either of those work?
I see there are two flight.
2p and 4p.
Do either of those work?
Yes! 2 pm is perfect!
Yes!
2 pm is perfect!
Confirmed. Please see your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold.
Confirmed.
Please see your inbox for the confirmation.
I'll hold.
Ok one sec
Yes it's there.
Great. Have a safe flight.
Great.
Have a safe flight.
Hi I recently purchased a dining room table online but I think you sent the wrong table.
The one I ordered was supposed to have a wood color finish but this one is black.
What is your order number? I can assist you
What is your order number?
I can assist you
638628
I see what happened. I apologize for the inconvenience. I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
I see what happened.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I can have it delivered by the end of the day.
Okay great thanks so much.
I can also offer  you a 20% discount on any future orders. Is there anything else Ican help you with today?
I can also offer  you a 20% discount on any future orders.
Is there anything else Ican help you with today?
No that's it and that's great thank you so much.
You're welcome.
I have recently moved and need to change my address.  I would also like to order new installation since my new place doesn't have cabling.
I have recently moved and need to change my address.
I would also like to order new installation since my new place doesn't have cabling.
Hello?
Yes, I can help. What's your new address?
Yes, I can help.
What's your new address?
1315 smith ridge rd
Campbellsville, ky
Is there an apartment number?
No
Okay. I see that we service your area. The first available appt is March 9thj
Okay.
I see that we service your area.
The first available appt is March 9thj
Do you have anything available in the morning of the 9th?
Yes. 9a to noon.
Yes.
9a to noon.
That would be great
Thank you for your help.
Great. You are confirmed. You're welcome.
Great.
You are confirmed.
You're welcome.
I was unable to take my flight because I was snowed in at the resort I was staying at. Is there any way I can get on the next available flight?
I was unable to take my flight because I was snowed in at the resort I was staying at.
Is there any way I can get on the next available flight?
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your flight number and departure city?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your flight number and departure city?
Boston flight#4567
I see two good options. 2p direct or 4p with a connection through Ohio.Do either of those work for you?
I see two good options.
2p direct or 4p with a connection through Ohio.Do either of those work for you?
The 4pm please
You are confirmed. Please check you're inbox for confirmation. I'll hold
You are confirmed.
Please check you're inbox for confirmation.
I'll hold
Okay I got the email thank you!
Great. Have a safe flight.
Great.
Have a safe flight.
My cables not working, I get static on all channels.
What's your account number"
8033486666
} Have  you tried rebooting the system?
Not yet. Will do now.
Not yet.
Will do now.
Hey yea, that worked. My channels are back.
Hey yea, that worked.
My channels are back.
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great.
I'm glad it was easily resolved.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks.  I'll remember that next time.
No thanks.
I'll remember that next time.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hi anyone there?
I have an big issue
I have purchased tickets online. But I got double charged.
I have purchased tickets online.
But I got double charged.
Anyone there?
I can help you. What's you're order number'
I can help you.
What's you're order number'
54378653
I see the order and see that you were double billed. I have credited your account. You should see the refund in two days
I see the order and see that you were double billed.
I have credited your account.
You should see the refund in two days
ok if not I will contact you again
Thanks for your help
You're welcome. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discoutn on your next purchase Use code 20%
You're welcome.
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discoutn on your next purchase Use code 20%
It's great sure I will use it
Have a great Day.
Hi I need some info
Cell phone just went out except wi fi
I have many calls to make before I can go home for the weekend
Can you find out why my cellphone is dead right now?
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your cell number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your cell number?
703-875-3100
I see that you made a payment on the March 1st but it was declined.
Ok
Would you like me to try to put it through again?
Yes let's try it again
It should go thru
Okay, I put it through. Stand by for confirmation
Okay, I put it through.
Stand by for confirmation
Ok
It went through. You're service should be back up withing 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
It went through.
You're service should be back up withing 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
Thanks for the payment help
You're welcome. Your confirmation number is 3214555
You're welcome.
Your confirmation number is 3214555
Hi my cell phone service just cut out.  Can you please assist?
Hi my cell phone service just cut out.
Can you please assist?
This is a bad day for it I have a lot of admin to sort out!
Hey Greg, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
5185982456
Thank you. I am pulling up your information quickly.
Thank you.
I am pulling up your information quickly.
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Oh okay.
Can you try my card on file on again. I think it should work.
Can you try my card on file on again.
I think it should work.
Yes. I can do that. Stand by
Yes.
I can do that.
Stand by
It went through. confirmation number 412524
It went through.
confirmation number 412524
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Are you still there?
No that's it. Sorry app froze and had to restart.   Thanks so much.
No that's it.
Sorry app froze and had to restart.
Thanks so much.
Okay, no problem.
I opened my mailbox to see there was an invoice for a cellphone company who's contract I never opened! I need to cancel this!!!
I opened my mailbox to see there was an invoice for a cellphone company who's contract I never opened!
I need to cancel this!!
!
Hey Rose, let me assist you with this.
Ok thanks!
Could you please provide me with the cellphone number of the invoice?
456-535-5674
Standby, while I pull up the information.
Ok
Ok, I see this contract is newly opened and it is indeed under your name. What I can do is suspend it while we make further investigation into how this happened
Ok, I see this contract is newly opened and it is indeed under your name.
What I can do is suspend it while we make further investigation into how this happened
Ok sounds good
It has been suspended. The investigative team will reach out to you if they need more info.
It has been suspended.
The investigative team will reach out to you if they need more info.
Ok great thanks!
Have a great day
I bought tickets for the neutral milk hotel show on June 6 for $60, but you guys double billed me. There are 2 60 dollar charges
I bought tickets for the neutral milk hotel show on June 6 for $60, but you guys double billed me.
There are 2 60 dollar charges
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's the order number
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue.
What's the order number
6655754325678865447898afr
Okay I see the order and the double billing. I apologize for the inconvenience. I've credited your account and you should see it within two day
Okay I see the order and the double billing.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I've credited your account and you should see it within two day
Ok great. Thanks I'll keep an eye on it.
Ok great.
Thanks I'll keep an eye on it.
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Use code 20%
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Use code 20%
Wow thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day and enjoy the concert
You're welcome.
Have a great day and enjoy the concert
I am contacting because none of my channels are working.
I'm happy to help you with this. What's your account number?
I'm happy to help you with this.
What's your account number?
348675445
Did you try rebooting the syste,
m
I did but that didn't work.
When did you last try it
Right before I contacted you.
Okay. Let me see there are any issues in your area
Okay.
Let me see there are any issues in your area
There is an outage nearby. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
There is an outage nearby.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Ok. Thanks for informing me.
Ok.
Thanks for informing me.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Nothing else. Thank you.
Nothing else.
Thank you.
You're welcome
Hi. Think I need someone who handles food order accounts
Hi.
Think I need someone who handles food order accounts
Our account got hacked last weekend while we were away
Someone at a coffee shop ordered $100 or so in food
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your account number?
On our number
Acct number is 5924
We love ordering from you but this bums me out
I see the $100 charge. The company doesn't offer refunds but you're a long time customer. Let me see what we can do
I see the $100 charge.
The company doesn't offer refunds but you're a long time customer.
Let me see what we can do
Yeah anything you can do for us
Okay, I"ve been authorized to credit your account. I suggest you change y\our passwork and username
Okay, I"ve been authorized to credit your account.
I suggest you change y\our passwork and username
First off
Awesome
For the credit
My current username is garyb12
Understand you folks wanting to reset everything
Okay. Have a great day. I'm having our site security team look into as well
Okay.
Have a great day.
I'm having our site security team look into as well
Thanks
You're welcome
Hi
I have changed my apartment
So I want to get new installation of my internet connection
What's our new address
sorry, your new address
16 Abraham drive Los pAngeles 90019
16 Abraham drive Los Angeles 90019
Okay. Let me see if we service that area.
Okay.
Let me see if we service that area.
16 Abraham drive Los Angeles 90019
16 Abraham drive Los Angeles 90019
16 Abraham drive Los Angeles 90019
16 Abraham drive Los Angeles 90019
16 Abraham drive Los Angeles 90019
Are you there
I am here. We do service your area. The first appointment is March 9th. Does that work for you?
I am here.
We do service your area.
The first appointment is March 9th.
Does that work for you?
16 Abraham drive Los Angeles 90019
Does March 9th between 9a and noon work for you
Yes its comfortable for me
Thanks for your help
You are welcome
Hi, I recently ordered a dining table and when I got it It wasn't the right one. I received brown and I ordered antique white.
Hi, I recently ordered a dining table and when I got it It wasn't the right one.
I received brown and I ordered antique white.
I need a new one sent please
Hey Marie, let me assist you with this. One moment while I pull up your details.
Hey Marie, let me assist you with this.
One moment while I pull up your details.
Ah, I see you ordered a oak dinning table? From my understanding this is not the table you received?
Ah, I see you ordered a oak dinning table?
From my understanding this is not the table you received?
Could you please just describe the table you received and also verify the delivery address?
I received oak and ordered antique white
O in that case the it seems the system is wrong. I am sorry for this. What I will need to do is schedule a pickup order and have them send you the correct table.
O in that case the it seems the system is wrong.
I am sorry for this.
What I will need to do is schedule a pickup order and have them send you the correct table.
Great thank you
lets begin with the new order. One moment while I just verify stocks and soonest availability.
lets begin with the new order.
One moment while I just verify stocks and soonest availability.
Ok
Great, it seems we have in stock and we will be able to get the table to you on Monday? Would this suite you?
Great, it seems we have in stock and we will be able to get the table to you on Monday?
Would this suite you?
Yea
Great what time will work for you ?
8am
Ok, no problem. We will also pick up the other table at this time.
Ok, no problem.
We will also pick up the other table at this time.
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's all
In that case Marie, I hope you have a great day further.
Hi my cell phone all of a sudden stopped working and all I have is my wifi. I have a Lot of calls to make and need this fixed ASAP.
Hi my cell phone all of a sudden stopped working and all I have is my wifi.
I have a Lot of calls to make and need this fixed ASAP.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your cell number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your cell number?
665-557-5677
I see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Could you run it again?
Yes,. I'm happy to. Stand by
Yes,.
I'm happy to.
Stand by
Ik
Ok*
It went through. confirmation number 412524Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It went through.
confirmation number 412524Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it
Thanks
You are welcome,
Hi, I missed my flight yesterday. I couldn't call bc I didn't have service at the resort and the blizzard knocked out their phone and internet. When can I reschedule?
Hi, I missed my flight yesterday.
I couldn't call bc I didn't have service at the resort and the blizzard knocked out their phone and internet.
When can I reschedule?
I'm sorry to hear you missed you're flight. What was your flight number and departure city
I'm sorry to hear you missed you're flight.
What was your flight number and departure city
5544 American Airlines Asheville bc
North Carolina
Okay. I see that we have two options. 2p direct flight or 4p with a quick layover.
Okay.
I see that we have two options.
2p direct flight or 4p with a quick layover.
Direct please
Okay. you are confirmed. Have a safe flight
Okay.
you are confirmed.
Have a safe flight
Thanks a lot that was easy
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
I am contacting you because it seems I have been doubled charged for some concert tickets I purchased.
I'm sorry to hear that you're having this issue. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear that you're having this issue.
What's your order number?
786534554
I see your order and see that you were double billed. I apologize for that. I've credited your account and you should see the refund in two day
I see your order and see that you were double billed.
I apologize for that.
I've credited your account and you should see the refund in two day
s
Thank you very much.
YOU're welcome. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. pleas euse code 20%
YOU're welcome.
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
pleas euse code 20%
That's great...thank you.
You're welcome.
Hi, I was gone all weekend and came home to find my account was hacked and an order for $127 of food was sent to a coffee shop in town. I need this refunded please.
Hi, I was gone all weekend and came home to find my account was hacked and an order for $127 of food was sent to a coffee shop in town.
I need this refunded please.
I'm so sorry to hear that. What's your account number
I'm so sorry to hear that.
What's your account number
4566245
I see the order for $127. We have a no refund policy but you are a loyal customer. Let me see if there's anything we can do
I see the order for $127.
We have a no refund policy but you are a loyal customer.
Let me see if there's anything we can do
Ok
I can credit the amount. Please change your password and username. I have a ticket out to our site security team
I can credit the amount.
Please change your password and username.
I have a ticket out to our site security team
I'll do that thank you
You are welcome
Hi. I hope this is customer service? I got an invoice in the mail from you yesterday for cellphone service
Hi.
I hope this is customer service?
I got an invoice in the mail from you yesterday for cellphone service
Problem is that I never signed up for that
I have a different provider
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help. What's the cell number for that invoice
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can help.
What's the cell number for that invoice
The phone number is 212-356-9751
Which I think is an NYC area code
I'm in the DC area
The customer on that account is John Smith. do you know who that is?
The customer on that account is John Smith.
do you know who that is?
Yeah that's not me
I'm Gary Bennett
Okay. I've suspended that number and opened a ticket for investigation
Okay.
I've suspended that number and opened a ticket for investigation
Ok
Appreciate the help on this
They will contact you directly if they need more info
Sure. Understood
Sure.
Understood
Is there anything I can help; you with?
No thanks for checking on this stuff
You're welcome have a great day
Hi anyone there
Hi
Hi
Yes. What can I help you with?
Yes.
What can I help you with?
Hi
Hi
I'm here. What can I assist you with today?
I'm here.
What can I assist you with today?
I have missed my flight.   Because of the weather I have been stuck at a resort and have had no way to contact you.  I am wondering when the next flights are.
I have missed my flight.
Because of the weather I have been stuck at a resort and have had no way to contact you.
I am wondering when the next flights are.
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What's  your flight number and departure city
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight.
What's  your flight number and departure city
Flight 456 out of denver
Okay. I see that there are two flight options. 2p and 4p today? Do either of those work for you?
Okay.
I see that there are two flight options.
2p and 4p today?
Do either of those work for you?
The 4p flight would be great
Okay, would you like an aisle or window seat?
Window please
Okay. You are confirmed. It seems that your original flight was also canceled so there no additional charge
Okay.
You are confirmed.
It seems that your original flight was also canceled so there no additional charge
Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
You're welcome.
Have a safe flight
Hi I came home today to find an invoice for a cell phone I did not sign a contract for. I would like to cancel it please.
Hi I came home today to find an invoice for a cell phone I did not sign a contract for.
I would like to cancel it please.
I'm happy to look into this for you. what's the cell number associated with the contract?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
what's the cell number associated with the contract?
445-335-7884
The phone is listed  under the name John Smith. do you know this person?
The phone is listed  under the name John Smith.
do you know this person?
No I don't
Okay, I"ve suspended the number and opened a ticket with our investigation team
Ok great thank you!
they will reach out to you if they need more info.
Sounds good
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hi I went away for the weekend and when I got back someone ordered $100 worth of food on my account.
Can you please help me get a refund or do anything to help?
It looks like the food was delivered to a local coffee shop. I wasn't even in town!
It looks like the food was delivered to a local coffee shop.
I wasn't even in town!
Hello. I'm happy to look into this for you. What's  the account number?
Hello.
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's  the account number?
473547
I see the order. I have logged a ticket with our site security team. I can credit your order. You should see the refund in two day.
I see the order.
I have logged a ticket with our site security team.
I can credit your order.
You should see the refund in two day.
Oh wow great thank you!
Yes. I apologize and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%
Yes.
I apologize and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Please use code 20%
Will do thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day. Oh, and please change your password and username.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Oh, and please change your password and username.
Okay no problem :)
Thank you for your patronage.
Hi. My cell phone service just stopped working
Hi.
My cell phone service just stopped working
Hello. I'm happy to look into this. What's your cell number?
Hello.
I'm happy to look into this.
What's your cell number?
3189180808
I see that  you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined
Oh ok. Can I update my payment account and try this again ASAP
If you go online now and up date it, I can wait and then get our service turned back on.
are you still there?
Hi! I just moved into a new apartment and I need to update my address and schedule a new install.
Hi!
I just moved into a new apartment and I need to update my address and schedule a new install.
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your new address?
356 elm #7 roadview ny 14685
Let me see if we service that area.
Ok
Yes, we do. The next available appointment is March 9th does that work for you?
Yes, we do.
The next available appointment is March 9th does that work for you?
Yes
would you like 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
9a to noon
Great. You are confirmed. Would you like to upgrade your package to the premium package? If you do I can offer you two months of free HBO
Great.
You are confirmed.
Would you like to upgrade your package to the premium package?
If you do I can offer you two months of free HBO
No thanks
Okay. Then is there anything else that I can help you with?
Okay.
Then is there anything else that I can help you with?
Nope
Have a great day.
Hi I just got an unexpected invoice in my mailbox from a cellphone provider that I never opened?
Can you please assist and help me cancel contract ?
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's the cell number associate with that invoice?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's the cell number associate with that invoice?
5185982456
Okay, The name on that account is John Smith. Do you know this person?
Okay, The name on that account is John Smith.
Do you know this person?
No I do not
Okay. I've suspended that number and opened a ticket with the investigative team.
Okay.
I've suspended that number and opened a ticket with the investigative team.
Okay excellent thank you. So I will just wait to hear from them?
Okay excellent thank you.
So I will just wait to hear from them?
Yes. If they need more information, they will reach out to you directly.
Yes.
If they need more information, they will reach out to you directly.
Great thank you.
You're welcome
Hello?
I had sent you a note back but I don't think you got it.
Please update your payment on line and I can put the charge through now
None of my channels are working please help!!!
None of my channels are working please help!!
!
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number?
534663
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Yep
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in the area.
Okay.
Let me see if there are any issues in the area.
Ok
There does seem to be an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
There does seem to be an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Oh ok sounds good!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope
Have a great day
Hi
I have missed my flight I want to know about next flight
I'm sorry that you missed your flight. What
I'm sorry that you missed your flight.
What
is the flight number  you missed and the departure city?
New York d546
Okay. There are two possible flight today from NY to San Diego. 2p which has a layover in Chicago and 4p which is a direct flight. Do either of those work for you?
Okay.
There are two possible flight today from NY to San Diego.
2p which has a layover in Chicago and 4p which is a direct flight.
Do either of those work for you?
Are you there?
Hi! I bought tickets to a live performance and just saw I was double charged! Please fix this error!
Hi!
I bought tickets to a live performance and just saw I was double charged!
Please fix this error!
Hey Mark, Let me assist you with this.
Were the ticket booked under your name?
Yes!
Ah, good I have pulled up your records and it seems there was a double charge.
I do apologize for this.
Oh ok
Thanks!!
Thanks!
!
I will be able to resolve this by refunding your credit card.
Ok sounds great!
Okay. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%. Thank you for being such a loyal customer
Okay.
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Please use code 20%.
Thank you for being such a loyal customer
Awesome! Thanks!
Awesome!
Thanks!
You're welcome. Enjoy your concert
You're welcome.
Enjoy your concert
Thanks!
Hi! I am on vacation and got snowed in and missed my flight! I need to explain this to the airlines and schedule a new flight please.
Hi!
I am on vacation and got snowed in and missed my flight!
I need to explain this to the airlines and schedule a new flight please.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. I'm certainly happy to assist you with this. What was the flight number and departure and arrival cities?
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
I'm certainly happy to assist you with this.
What was the flight number and departure and arrival cities?
# 5632 depart Denver arrive Miami
Okay. Let me see what we have available.
Okay.
Let me see what we have available.
Ok
We have two flights. One leaves at 2p with a layover in Houston and the other is direct at 4p. Do either of those work for you>
We have two flights.
One leaves at 2p with a layover in Houston and the other is direct at 4p.
Do either of those work for you>
4 pm no layover please
Great. You are confirmed the flight number is 6987. Please check your inbox for the confirmation. I'll hold
Great.
You are confirmed the flight number is 6987.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
I'll hold
Ok one sec
Yes it's there! Looks good!
Yes it's there!
Looks good!
Fantastic. Have a safe flight
Fantastic.
Have a safe flight
Thanks!
You're welcome
Hello. I purchased a dining table last week, but when it got here, it was the wrong table. Is there anyway this can be fixed?
Hello.
I purchased a dining table last week, but when it got here, it was the wrong table.
Is there anyway this can be fixed?
I'm sorry that you had this issue. What's your order number?
I'm sorry that you had this issue.
What's your order number?
#719362
I see that you ordered the Oak 42" table. What did you receive?
I see that you ordered the Oak 42" table.
What did you receive?
I'm not sure what size the table is, but it's definitely a cherry wood and not oak
Okay. I apologize for that. I see where your table went and I can have it delivered by the end of the day today. Does that work for you
Okay.
I apologize for that.
I see where your table went and I can have it delivered by the end of the day today.
Does that work for you
That sounds perfect, thank yiu
*you
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hello. My cellphone service just totally stopped working. I have a ton of work to do today, and only have wifi. Do you think this can be resolved quickly?
Hello.
My cellphone service just totally stopped working.
I have a ton of work to do today, and only have wifi.
Do you think this can be resolved quickly?
I'm sorry that you are having that issue and I'm happy to assist you. What's our cell number?
I'm sorry that you are having that issue and I'm happy to assist you.
What's our cell number?
712-820-9543
Okay. I pulled up our account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Okay.
I pulled up our account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Oh. I was not notified of that. Is there anyway I can make a payment now?
Oh.
I was not notified of that.
Is there anyway I can make a payment now?
Sure. Would you like me to use the same card on file. ending in 2526
Sure.
Would you like me to use the same card on file.
ending in 2526
Yes please.
The payment did go through. Confirmation number 3354851
The payment did go through.
Confirmation number 3354851
Alright, thank you so much.
Your service should be back on with in 10 minures. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Your service should be back on with in 10 minures.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is it.
Okay. Have a great day
Okay.
Have a great day
Hi
Anyone there?
Hi
Are you there
Am waiting
Hey Bakr
I apologize, how long have you been waiting?
Bakr, this is werner. I apologize for this. Please feel free to submit the Hit, and just leave a note that we did not respond in sufficient time.
Bakr, this is werner.
I apologize for this.
Please feel free to submit the Hit, and just leave a note that we did not respond in sufficient time.
Hello. When I was away for the weekend, someone used my account to order over $100 of food. Is there anything that can be done? I've been a loyal customer for years and this is just crazy.
Hello.
When I was away for the weekend, someone used my account to order over $100 of food.
Is there anything that can be done?
I've been a loyal customer for years and this is just crazy.
Hey Tori, I am sorry to hear about this. Le t me have a look what I can do to assist you.
Hey Tori, I am sorry to hear about this.
Le t me have a look what I can do to assist you.
Okay, thank you.
Do yo know your account number or cellphone number associated with that account?
My account is #65301
Great, I am pulling up your account details as we speak
I noticed that the address was changed just before the weekend? I assume all transaction post this is fraudulent?
I noticed that the address was changed just before the weekend?
I assume all transaction post this is fraudulent?
Yes, it is.
I see it totals to $104
Yes, that sounds right.
Let me just verify with my supervisor if we are allowed to refund this amount.
Okay.
It seems the supervisor, recommends that we credit your account for this amount. Is this acceptable?
It seems the supervisor, recommends that we credit your account for this amount.
Is this acceptable?
That is good with me.
Great. I will credit your account
Great.
I will credit your account
Thank you.
I will however need to force a password reset, to ensure the account becomes secure again
Okay
Thank you.
Ok you password reset has been issues.
Once it is reset, You will have access to your account.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Okay, thank you.
No, that is it.
Thank you for your time. I hope you have a great day further.
Thank you for your time.
I hope you have a great day further.
Hello i have been trying to log into my electricity account but it is blocked
Can you help me?
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number?
778;
Okay, let me pull up your account. It seems that you tried logging on too many times. I've reset the account with a temporary password.
Okay, let me pull up your account.
It seems that you tried logging on too many times.
I've reset the account with a temporary password.
I just received an email
I am going to change my password Now
Great. I'm glad I was able to quickly resolve this for  you.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
I'm glad I was able to quickly resolve this for  you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats all
Thank you
Hi I tried to log into my online account to pay my electricity bill and I think I locked myself out.  Can you help me?
Hi I tried to log into my online account to pay my electricity bill and I think I locked myself out.
Can you help me?
Sure. I'll be happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Sure.
I'll be happy to assist you.
What's your account number?
463424
I see that you were locked out. I've reset the account with a temporary password.
I see that you were locked out.
I've reset the account with a temporary password.
Okay thanks. What is the password?
Okay thanks.
What is the password?
I just sent you an email that will show you how to reset it.
Ok hang on.
Were you able to get in?
Yup I'm all set now thank you so much
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hello, i bought a modem from your website it was suppossed to be delivered today. I got home and i did not see the package. Can you help me solve this?
Hello, i bought a modem from your website it was suppossed to be delivered today.
I got home and i did not see the package.
Can you help me solve this?
Yes, I'll be happy to assist you. What's the order number
Yes, I'll be happy to assist you.
What's the order number
6547
I see that it was delivered. Was there a note on the door from the delivery company?
I see that it was delivered.
Was there a note on the door from the delivery company?
No. Do you guys require signature?
No.
Do you guys require signature?
Yes and I see that it was signed for by James Smith. Do you know who that is?
Yes and I see that it was signed for by James Smith.
Do you know who that is?
No i dont
Hmmm. Okay. Then I'll need to log a ticket with the delivery service so they can investigate. I will try and get it resolved quickly.
Hmmm.
Okay.
Then I'll need to log a ticket with the delivery service so they can investigate.
I will try and get it resolved quickly.
Ok
Thats fine
I'm sorry for this problem.
At least you give me a solution
Ok i Will wait
Thank you
You're welcome
Hi I recently ordered and internet modem online. It said online it was delivered when nobody was home today.  I thought it was supposed to be signed for?  Anyway when I got home the modem was not there. Can you please help?
Hi I recently ordered and internet modem online.
It said online it was delivered when nobody was home today.
I thought it was supposed to be signed for?
Anyway when I got home the modem was not there.
Can you please help?
Absolutely, I'd be happy to assist you. What's the order numbre?
Absolutely, I'd be happy to assist you.
What's the order numbre?
number
463644
I see that it was delivered today and there is a signature. Do you know who James Smith is?
I see that it was delivered today and there is a signature.
Do you know who James Smith is?
No I actually don't. Nobody was home today.
No I actually don't.
Nobody was home today.
Okay. That's not good. I'll have to create a ticket of inquiry for the delivery company. I will get it resolved as soon as possible. If they can't help, I'll have a new modem sent to you.
Okay.
That's not good.
I'll have to create a ticket of inquiry for the delivery company.
I will get it resolved as soon as possible.
If they can't help, I'll have a new modem sent to you.
Okay thanks so much. When should I expect to hear something by?  Will it be by email or phone?
Okay thanks so much.
When should I expect to hear something by?
Will it be by email or phone?
Which do you prefer?
Phone please.  5185272456
Phone please.
5185272456
Okay, I will note that. Is there anything else I can do for you today
Okay, I will note that.
Is there anything else I can do for you today
No that's it.
Okay. Have a great day
Okay.
Have a great day
Hi I am trying to log into my account to pay my electric bill and I guess I made too many wrong attempts that now I am locked out. Can you help me get logged in again.
Hi I am trying to log into my account to pay my electric bill and I guess I made too many wrong attempts that now I am locked out.
Can you help me get logged in again.
Good afternoon Lilly, I'm happy to assist you. What's your order number?
Good afternoon Lilly, I'm happy to assist you.
What's your order number?
56588946
Let me look that up
Okay
Okay. I've created a temp password for you. Please check online for the instructions to create a new password.
Okay.
I've created a temp password for you.
Please check online for the instructions to create a new password.
Okay I got it. I created a new password
Okay I got it.
I created a new password
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No but thanks
You're welcome
Hello, i have a problem, my internet connection is very slow
Can you help me figure it out?
Sure, I'm happy to help. What's your account number?
Sure, I'm happy to help.
What's your account number?
7876
Have you tried to reboot your system.
No
Let me try it
Hold on
It worked
Sorry for the inconvinience
Okay, great. I'm happy it was easily resolved. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, great.
I'm happy it was easily resolved.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thats all
Thank you
Bye
Hey Jose, this is Werner. If possible would you mind please deleting the app and reinstalling it?
Hey Jose, this is Werner.
If possible would you mind please deleting the app and reinstalling it?
Ok
I Will
I do not believe you have done this and currently your old build is causing issues on our side
thank you
Ok Sorry about that
thank you for time
No problem:)
Chat to you soon
:)
Hi.  Need some account help to reset my password so I can pay my electric bill
Hi.
Need some account help to reset my password so I can pay my electric bill
System locked me out from entering any more password attempts
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number?
Acct # is 51626772556-7165
Acct name for online is jbrantley55
Thank you. For verification purposes, what's the last for digits of your social security number and zip code
Thank you.
For verification purposes, what's the last for digits of your social security number and zip code
Phone is 703-493-4647 and zip is 22101
Thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Please check  your inbox for an email with instructions to reset a new password,
Thank you for that information.
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please check  your inbox for an email with instructions to reset a new password,
Ok
Thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi my internet has been really slow for the past week. It's so bad I can't stream anything.  Can you lease help?
Hi my internet has been really slow for the past week.
It's so bad I can't stream anything.
Can you lease help?
*please
I'm sorry to hear you're having a problem. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear you're having a problem.
What's your account number?
554364
Have you tried rebooting your modem?
No let me try that out hang on.
It seems to be a bit quicker now thanks.  I'll get in touch if I have problems again.
It seems to be a bit quicker now thanks.
I'll get in touch if I have problems again.
I'm sorry, I had a issue with my computer. I'm glad it was resolved. Is there anything else I can help  you with?
I'm sorry, I had a issue with my computer.
I'm glad it was resolved.
Is there anything else I can help  you with?
No that's it thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day
Hi I placed an order online for a new modem. It was supposed to be delivered with signature only and I received an email while I was at work that it was delivered while I wasn't home. I came home to find the package missing.
Hi I placed an order online for a new modem.
It was supposed to be delivered with signature only and I received an email while I was at work that it was delivered while I wasn't home.
I came home to find the package missing.
I"m sorry to hear there is a problem. What's your order number?
I"m sorry to hear there is a problem.
What's your order number?
6833289
Sorry, My system went down for a moment. Let me look into this. Standby
Sorry, My system went down for a moment.
Let me look into this.
Standby
Okay thank you
I see that we did deliver it without a signature in error. I will have another shipped overnight and put in a ticket of inquiry with the delivery department
I see that we did deliver it without a signature in error.
I will have another shipped overnight and put in a ticket of inquiry with the delivery department
Thank you I appreciate it
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No but thank you
You're welcome
I have a real delivery problem.  We have problems in our neighborhood with kids stealing packages
I have a real delivery problem.
We have problems in our neighborhood with kids stealing packages
I specifically requested a signature on delivery for modem I bought.
While I was at the store I got a text that it was dropped at my door. Just got home and it's gone
While I was at the store I got a text that it was dropped at my door.
Just got home and it's gone
I'm happy to assist you. I'm sorry you are having this issue. What's your account number?
I'm happy to assist you.
I'm sorry you are having this issue.
What's your account number?
Not sure why that's a delivery option if driver just ignores it
Order number was 62788176
Motorola modem
Okay, thank you. I see we did deliver it in error. I will have another one sent as well as log a ticket with the delivery company
Okay, thank you.
I see we did deliver it in error.
I will have another one sent as well as log a ticket with the delivery company
Ok thanks for that
Sure do need that modem tho
Yes, it will be overnighted to you. Sorry for the inconvenience
Yes, it will be overnighted to you.
Sorry for the inconvenience
Cool thanks for the help
You're welcome have a great day
I'm currently trying to sign in to my account to pay a bill. The system told me I am locked out. Can you assist me?
I'm currently trying to sign in to my account to pay a bill.
The system told me I am locked out.
Can you assist me?
Sure. I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
Sure.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number?
It's 849201
For verification please tell me the last four of your social security number and your zip code
The last four digits are 4521 and my zip code is 60103
Thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Please look in your inbox for an email with instructions to create a new password,
Thank you for that information.
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please look in your inbox for an email with instructions to create a new password,
Great I see the email now
Okay, good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today>
Okay, good.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today>
No that'll be everything
Great. Have a good rest of your day.
Great.
Have a good rest of your day.
Hi I recently ordered a bookshelf.  As I was assembling it I noticed a shelf was missing b
Hi I recently ordered a bookshelf.
As I was assembling it I noticed a shelf was missing b
Can you please send me the missing shelf or replace the bookshelf all together?
I'm sorry that you had this problem. What's your order number?
I'm sorry that you had this problem.
What's your order number?
7482684
Thank you for that information. Did you order a 5-high oak bookshelf?
Thank you for that information.
Did you order a 5-high oak bookshelf?
Yes that's the one.
Okay. I will have another shelf overnighted to you.
Okay.
I will have another shelf overnighted to you.
Great thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it thank you!
You're welcome
Hi, my internet speed has been running SO slow for about a week now. I can't even stream my shows. Can you help me figure out why?
Hi, my internet speed has been running SO slow for about a week now.
I can't even stream my shows.
Can you help me figure out why?
I'm happy to help. What's your account number?
I'm happy to help.
What's your account number?
66388853
Okay standby a moment while I look up your account
Ok
I see that you currently have 10 active users. Does that sound correct to you?
I see that you currently have 10 active users.
Does that sound correct to you?
No it should only be just me
Hmmm, I suggest that you change your password and your username.
Ok
I did
did it help?
Yes
Thank you
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with.
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with.
No but thanks
You're welcome
Hi. Trying to pay my electric bill and got locked out online.
Hi.
Trying to pay my electric bill and got locked out online.
Hello. I'm happy to help you with this. What's your account number?
Hello.
I'm happy to help you with this.
What's your account number?
367358
For verification please tell me the last 4 digits of your social security number and zip code
3456
Zip 29510
Great. I have reset  your account with a temp password. Please check your inbox for an email with instructions to update your password.
Great.
I have reset  your account with a temp password.
Please check your inbox for an email with instructions to update your password.
Ok I'm in. Thanks!
Ok I'm in.
Thanks!
Very good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Very good.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all
Have a great day
I recently placed an order for a modem. I received notice it had been delivered but it appears the package is gone. I never had an opportunity to sign for it
I recently placed an order for a modem.
I received notice it had been delivered but it appears the package is gone.
I never had an opportunity to sign for it
Okay. I'm happy to assist you.
Okay.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's the order number?
The number is 61453
Okay. I see that it was delivered without a signature in error. I will overnight another one and log a ticket with the delivery service.
Okay.
I see that it was delivered without a signature in error.
I will overnight another one and log a ticket with the delivery service.
Great thanks so much!
I apologize for the inconvenience. If the delivery service has any questions they will reach out to you directly.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
If the delivery service has any questions they will reach out to you directly.
Thanks so much
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hey I don't know if this is the right service dpt but our internet is almost too slow to use!
Started to slow down a week ago, but now it won't even stream music or video
Yes, you've come to the correct department. What's your account number?
Yes, you've come to the correct department.
What's your account number?
Not sure why so slow speeds
What is your account number?
725281653
have you tried rebooting your router
No.  Let me try that.
No.
Let me try that.
Ok it's definitely faster now
Streaming works
Great. I also see that you have 10 active users. Does that seem correct to you?
Great.
I also see that you have 10 active users.
Does that seem correct to you?
Eek
Shouldn't be that many
Going to change network password
good idea. Don't forget to reboot all your devices.
good idea.
Don't forget to reboot all your devices.
Will do
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
Thanks for the help
You're welcome
Hello, I ordered a book shelf and when I started to put it together I noticed an entire shelf is missing.
I'm sorry you didn't receive the shelf. What's your order number?
I'm sorry you didn't receive the shelf.
What's your order number?
5681127
Did you order the Oak 5- high bookshelf?
Yed
Yes
Okay. I will overnight another shelf to you.
Okay.
I will overnight another shelf to you.
Great thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
Thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
I recently ordered an Internet modem and it said it was delivered but nothing was left at my door and I requested a signature upon delivery
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number?
63585
Okay. I see that it was delivered without a signature in error. I will overnight another one and log a ticket with the delivery service.
Okay.
I see that it was delivered without a signature in error.
I will overnight another one and log a ticket with the delivery service.
Great thank you
Please check your inbox for delivery confirmation.
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist  you with today
That is all
Okay - good bye
Hi! I ordered the 5 shelf bookshelf from you all
Hi!
I ordered the 5 shelf bookshelf from you all
Just unpacked it to put together and it's missing a shelf
I'm sorry that you didn't receive all the pieces. What's your order number
I'm sorry that you didn't receive all the pieces.
What's your order number
I have the part # from diagram if it's easier to send that than a new unit
I just need your order number
Order is 71628276518
Thank you. Did you order the Oak 5-high Bookshelf?
Thank you.
Did you order the Oak 5-high Bookshelf?
Yes that's the one
Okay great. I will overnight the shelf, part VS445 to you.
Okay great.
I will overnight the shelf, part VS445 to you.
Awesome
Thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi, my internet has been slow this week
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
475686
Have  you tried to reboot your router.
No let me try
Ok seems to work now
I also see you have 10 active users. Does that seem correct?
I also see you have 10 active users.
Does that seem correct?
Yes. Probably too many
Yes.
Probably too many
Okay, but that can slow it down. Would you like to upgrade to 5x the speed for $19.99 amonth?
Okay, but that can slow it down.
Would you like to upgrade to 5x the speed for $19.99 amonth?
Sure
Great. It was added. That should help. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
It was added.
That should help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all
Have a great day
I'm having an issue where my internet is very slow. It's been like this for a week. Is there anything you can do to help?
I'm having an issue where my internet is very slow.
It's been like this for a week.
Is there anything you can do to help?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
It's 546326
Did you try and reboot your router
No, not yet. I'll give it a try
No, not yet.
I'll give it a try
That looks like it solved the speed issue
Okay, that's great. Also I notice that you have 10 active users, does that seem correct?
Okay, that's great.
Also I notice that you have 10 active users, does that seem correct?
Yeah, that's correct
Okay, but that can slow it down. Would you like to upgrade to 5x the speed for $19.99 amonth?
Okay, but that can slow it down.
Would you like to upgrade to 5x the speed for $19.99 amonth?
Sure, I'll upgrade
Great. I have upgraded your order. Is there anything else i can assist you with today
Great.
I have upgraded your order.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today
That'll be everything
Have a great day
Hello! I have recently moved and need to update the address you have on record. I also need to place a new order for internet service.
Hello!
I have recently moved and need to update the address you have on record.
I also need to place a new order for internet service.
I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address
335 Broad St., Pasadena CA
Thank you Chris. Let me see if we service your area.
Thank you Chris.
Let me see if we service your area.
Ok
We do. The next appointment is March 9th, does that work ?
We do.
The next appointment is March 9th, does that work ?
Yes it does, thank you!
Would you prefer 9a to noon or 2p to 6p
9am to noon please
Great. You are confirmed for March 9th 9a to noon.
Great.
You are confirmed for March 9th 9a to noon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats it, thanks for the help!
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
I recently ordered a bookshelf and I found that one of the shelves is missing! Is there anyway you can send a replacement shelf?
I recently ordered a bookshelf and I found that one of the shelves is missing!
Is there anyway you can send a replacement shelf?
I'm sorry you didn't receive the whole order. What's your order number?
I'm sorry you didn't receive the whole order.
What's your order number?
It's 055321
I see that you ordered the Oak bookshelf is that correct?
Yes that's correct
Okay. I will overnight another shelf to you.
Okay.
I will overnight another shelf to you.
Thank you!
That'll be everything
I apologize for the error and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%
I apologize for the error and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Please use code 20%
Thanks so much
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi. I ordered a book shelf and one of the shelves is misding
Hi.
I ordered a book shelf and one of the shelves is misding
I'm sorry you didn't receive the whole order. What's your order number?
I'm sorry you didn't receive the whole order.
What's your order number?
6357
I see that you ordered the Oak bookshelf is that correct?
Yes
I apologize for the error I will overnight a new shelf to you. and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order. Please use code 20%
I apologize for the error I will overnight a new shelf to you.
and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Please use code 20%
Great thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Good morning! None of my TV stations appear to be working. Can you please assist?
Good morning!
None of my TV stations appear to be working.
Can you please assist?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
65890
Have you tried rebooting your system"
No I have not.
Please try that now and let me know if that helps
Ok, one second.
Well that seemed to do the trick. I should have tried that sooner! Thanks!
Well that seemed to do the trick.
I should have tried that sooner!
Thanks!
I'm glad it worked. Happy to resolve it quickly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm glad it worked.
Happy to resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today, thank you!
Have a great day.
Hello. I tried to login into my account to pay my electric bill four times, but I was locked out. Can you help me get access to my account?
Hello.
I tried to login into my account to pay my electric bill four times, but I was locked out.
Can you help me get access to my account?
Hello Sam, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your account number?
Hello Sam, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your account number?
My account is #10945
One moment while I pull up your account details.
Okay, thank you.
OK I have your details in front of me and I see you have indeed been locked out. I will be able to assist you with this in no time.
OK I have your details in front of me and I see you have indeed been locked out.
I will be able to assist you with this in no time.
Great!
I have reset your password to a temporary one. You'll receive instructions to set a new password via email shortly
I have reset your password to a temporary one.
You'll receive instructions to set a new password via email shortly
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help  you with today?
No, that is it. Thank you!
No, that is it.
Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi! I recently purchased two tickets to the Tool concert but it seems Ive been charged twice. Is there a way I could cancel one of the transactions?
Hi!
I recently purchased two tickets to the Tool concert but it seems Ive been charged twice.
Is there a way I could cancel one of the transactions?
Hey Chris, I am sorry to hear this. Let me  assist you.
Hey Chris, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me  assist you.
Where these tickets purchased under your name?
Yes they were.
OK I have your details in front of me, have a  look...
having a look...
Ok
Please confirm your order number
63995151-4
Thank you. I see the order and I do see that you were double billed. I apologize for the error. I have credited that back to you. You should see the refund in two days
Thank you.
I see the order and I do see that you were double billed.
I apologize for the error.
I have credited that back to you.
You should see the refund in two days
Outstanding!
Because you're a longstanding Acme customer, I'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next event purchase. Please use code 20%
Because you're a longstanding Acme customer, I'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next event purchase.
Please use code 20%
Wow, thank you!
You're welcome. Enjoy the concert!
You're welcome.
Enjoy the concert!
Hello. I placed an order for a modem online, and was told it was delivered today. When I got home, it was missing. I noticed that a signature is required, but since I wasn't home, no signature was obtained. Can you help me with this?
Hello.
I placed an order for a modem online, and was told it was delivered today.
When I got home, it was missing.
I noticed that a signature is required, but since I wasn't home, no signature was obtained.
Can you help me with this?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number?
#5301
Thank you. For verification, what's the zip code for the delivery
Thank you.
For verification, what's the zip code for the delivery
78450
Thank you. I do see that it was delivered and that someone named James Smith signed for it. Do you know that person?
Thank you.
I do see that it was delivered and that someone named James Smith signed for it.
Do you know that person?
No, I do not.
Okay. I will have to log a ticket with the delivery company. I will get this resolved as quickly as possible
Okay.
I will have to log a ticket with the delivery company.
I will get this resolved as quickly as possible
Okay, thank you.
I apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with for the moment?
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with for the moment?
No, that is r.
*it
Okay. Have a great day
Okay.
Have a great day
Hi! I have unfortunately missed my flight without being able to notify you (I was snowed in and without cell service). Can I arrange a seat on the next available flight?
Hi!
I have unfortunately missed my flight without being able to notify you (I was snowed in and without cell service).
Can I arrange a seat on the next available flight?
I'm sorry you missed your flight. I'll be happy to assist you.
I'm sorry you missed your flight.
I'll be happy to assist you.
What was your flight number and departure and arrival cities
Thanks! This has been a stressful day! My flight number was 453 departing from Buffalo and arriving in Seattle
Thanks!
This has been a stressful day!
My flight number was 453 departing from Buffalo and arriving in Seattle
I can imagine. I do see two flights available 4pm with a one-hour layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 8pm. Do either of those work for you?
I can imagine.
I do see two flights available 4pm with a one-hour layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 8pm.
Do either of those work for you?
Hmmm, I think the direct flight would work better for me.
Okay great. I also noticed that your original flight had been canceled so there's no extra charge for the change.
Okay great.
I also noticed that your original flight had been canceled so there's no extra charge for the change.
Wonderful!
Because you're a Platinum Member, I can upgrade your seat to First Class for $50. Would you like to do that
Because you're a Platinum Member, I can upgrade your seat to First Class for $50.
Would you like to do that
Yes please.
Very good. You are confirmed. Please check your inbox for flight confirmation. I'll hold
Very good.
You are confirmed.
Please check your inbox for flight confirmation.
I'll hold
Ok, I got the email and it all looks good to me.
Perfect. Have a safe flight.
Perfect.
Have a safe flight.
Hi I recently moved to a new apartment.  I need to update my address and I need cable installation here as well.
Hi I recently moved to a new apartment.
I need to update my address and I need cable installation here as well.
I'm happy to help you with this. What's your new address?
I'm happy to help you with this.
What's your new address?
65 oak st. Los Angeles California 45824
Thank you. what's the apartment number?
Thank you.
what's the apartment number?
Apt 5h
Okay, let me see if we offer service in your area
We do offer service. I noticed that the address doesn't have any cable hook up so we'll need to do an installation. The cost is $125, I can break that up in three monthly payments. Would  you like me to proceed?
We do offer service.
I noticed that the address doesn't have any cable hook up so we'll need to do an installation.
The cost is $125, I can break that up in three monthly payments.
Would  you like me to proceed?
Are you still with me?
Yes please proceed.
Thank you. The first available appointment is March 9th does that work?
Thank you.
The first available appointment is March 9th does that work?
Yes it does.
Would you prefer morning or afternoon?
Afternoon would be better.
Okay, you are confirmed for March 9th from 2p to 6p. Please make sure someone is home at that time
Okay, you are confirmed for March 9th from 2p to 6p.
Please make sure someone is home at that time
Okay I will be here myself thank you.
Very good. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Very good.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be it thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hello. My internet is ridiculously slow, and has been for about a week. I can't do much on my computer because it's so slow. Is there anything you can do to help?
Hello.
My internet is ridiculously slow, and has been for about a week.
I can't do much on my computer because it's so slow.
Is there anything you can do to help?
Hello. I'm happy to look into this.What's your account number?
Hello.
I'm happy to look into this.What's your account number?
#23019
Have you tried rebooting your router?
No, I haven't.
Please do that now and see if it workd
works
Okay, give me a moment.
Okay, it looks like it is working much faster now
Great. I also noticed that you currently have 10 active users. Does that seem correct'
Great.
I also noticed that you currently have 10 active users.
Does that seem correct'
Yes, that does. I just remembered we had some stuff hooked up, but I'm going to disconnect it.
Yes, that does.
I just remembered we had some stuff hooked up, but I'm going to disconnect it.
Okay, don't forget to reboot all your devices now that you rebooted the router .
Okay, thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hello. I recently bought a bookcase. When I went to put it together, there was an entire shelf missing. Could you either send me the shelf, or a whole new bookcase?
Hello.
I recently bought a bookcase.
When I went to put it together, there was an entire shelf missing.
Could you either send me the shelf, or a whole new bookcase?
I'm sorry your order wasn't complete. What's the order number?
I'm sorry your order wasn't complete.
What's the order number?
#40274
Let me look that up.
did you order the Oak 5-high bookshelf?
Yes I did.
Oh, it seems that we sent you the 4-high. did you already begin building it?
Oh, it seems that we sent you the 4-high.
did you already begin building it?
No, I just took the parts out when I realized there was a shelf missinf
Okay, I will overnight the shelf to you.
Okay, that sounds great
I apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is it. Thank you.
No, that is it.
Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hi none of my cable tv channels are working.  Can you please help?
Hi none of my cable tv channels are working.
Can you please help?
I'm happy to look into this issue for you. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this issue for you.
What's your account number
36346
Have you tried rebooting the system?
No let me try that.
Let me know if that works
That seems to do the trick. Thanks so much for your help
That seems to do the trick.
Thanks so much for your help
You're welcome. I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly for you
You're welcome.
I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly for you
Me too thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Thank you, you too.
Thank you, you too.
Hi I purchased concert tickets to see one republic at Madison square garden last week and it looks like I was double charged.  Can you look into this for me please ?
Hi I purchased concert tickets to see one republic at Madison square garden last week and it looks like I was double charged.
Can you look into this for me please ?
I'm happy to assist you with this issue. What's your order number?
I'm happy to assist you with this issue.
What's your order number?
371638
Okay, let me pull it up and review it
I see that you ordered two tickets for two different nights. One set is for March 8th and one for March 10th.
I see that you ordered two tickets for two different nights.
One set is for March 8th and one for March 10th.
I did?  Is there any way to cancel one and get it refunded or am I stuck trying to sell them myself?
I did?
Is there any way to cancel one and get it refunded or am I stuck trying to sell them myself?
I am attending the march 10th one
So would like to cancel the 8th order if possible.
We don't normally give refunds but you're a long standing customer so let me see if there's anything I can do
I will go ahead and cancel the 8th but can only give you a credit on your next purchase.
Okay that works thank you.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it.
Have a great day and enjoy your event
Hi! I forgot to set up internet access in my new apartment and I'm in process of moving today
Hi!
I forgot to set up internet access in my new apartment and I'm in process of moving today
I know I should have done this earlier but is there any way to get hooked up sometime soonish?
I'm happy to assist you here. What's your new address
I'm happy to assist you here.
What's your new address
New address is 6537 Cedar Ln
Vienna VA
22180
Oh and apt B
That will also be new billing and contact address
Thank you for that information. Let me see if service your area.
Thank you for that information.
Let me see if service your area.
I think it needs to be wired too
Yes, I see that it does. The cost for a full installation is $125.
Yes, I see that it does.
The cost for a full installation is $125.
Well    Gotta have internet
Ok
Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
Wow
Yeah that would help a ton
Great. The first appointment is March 10th. Does that work?
Great.
The first appointment is March 10th.
Does that work?
Ok that works for me
Morning or afternoon
Oh sorry afternoon is best
Okay great. You're confirmed for March 10th. Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Okay great.
You're confirmed for March 10th.
Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Great. I'll be her
Great.
I'll be her
Here
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hello, i just move to a new address and i require a new installation for the internet
My new address is sw 6789 carlton avenue, Boston
Thank you for that information. Let me see if service your area.
Thank you for that information.
Let me see if service your area.
Ok
We do service your area. There is currently no cable connection there so it will be a full installation. The cost is $125.
We do service your area.
There is currently no cable connection there so it will be a full installation.
The cost is $125.
Can i pay it Now with a credit card?
No, it will be billed on your monthly statement. Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
No, it will be billed on your monthly statement.
Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
Yes Please
Thats better and i Will stay on my monthly budget
Great. The first appointment is March 10th. Does that work?
Great.
The first appointment is March 10th.
Does that work?
Yes
That is perfect
Morning or afternoon"
Afternoon
Okay great. You're confirmed for March 10th. Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Okay great.
You're confirmed for March 10th.
Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Ok i Will
Have a great day
Hi, I just moved into a new apartment from my old one and need to order new installation of cabling.
I can assist you with this. What's your new address
I can assist you with this.
What's your new address
677 Happy Road apt#!644 Donville, FL 86533
Thank you for that information. Let me see if service your area.
Thank you for that information.
Let me see if service your area.
Okay
there is an installation fee of $125 because there is currently no wiring in that building. Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
there is an installation fee of $125 because there is currently no wiring in that building.
Would you like me to break up the payments over three months?
Yes please
The first appointment is March 10th. Does that work?
The first appointment is March 10th.
Does that work?
Yea that will work
Does afternoon work"
Yes
Okay great. You're confirmed for March 10th. Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Okay great.
You're confirmed for March 10th.
Please make sure there's someone home between 2p and 6p.
Yes
Thank you
You're welcome have a great day
Hi I missed my return flight because I was snowed in at a holiday resort.  I just wanted to let you know that's why I missed the flight and can you let me know when the next available flights are?
Hi I missed my return flight because I was snowed in at a holiday resort.
I just wanted to let you know that's why I missed the flight and can you let me know when the next available flights are?
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What was the flight number and departure and arrival cities
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What was the flight number and departure and arrival cities
Flight number 76.  From NYC to Los Angeles.
Flight number 76.
From NYC to Los Angeles.
I have two available flights. 6pm with a layover in Chicago and 8:30pm direct flight
I have two available flights.
6pm with a layover in Chicago and 8:30pm direct flight
Do either of those work for you
I'll take the 830 direct please
Great. Window or Aisle
Great.
Window or Aisle
Window
Great. You're confirmed on flight 656 at 8:30pm. Please check your inbox for confirmation. I'll hold
Great.
You're confirmed on flight 656 at 8:30pm.
Please check your inbox for confirmation.
I'll hold
I've got the confirmation. Thanks so much for your help.
I've got the confirmation.
Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
You're welcome.
Have a safe flight
Hello, i have a problem.  None of my tv channels are working
Hello, i have a problem.
None of my tv channels are working
Can you help me fix this?
I'm Happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I'm Happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
67289
I pulled up your account and see that you live in the Miami area. There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
I pulled up your account and see that you live in the Miami area.
There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
Ok i Will wait today and if it is not fixed, do i have to call you back?
Yes, please reconnect with us if it doesn't get fixed. I also suggest you reboot your system.
Yes, please reconnect with us if it doesn't get fixed.
I also suggest you reboot your system.
Ok i Will
Thank you for your patience and your support
You are welcome.
Hi, none of my cable channels are working can you help me figure out why before my show comes on.
I can look into this for you. What's your account number?
I can look into this for you.
What's your account number?
863776
I pulled up your account. There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
I pulled up your account.
There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
Will I get this days service than taken off my bill since I am not with cable today?
Yes, I will add the credti.
credit
Thank you
You're welcome. Can I assist with anything else?
You're welcome.
Can I assist with anything else?
No
Thanks
Have great day
Yikes! Just lost signal on all my cable channels
Yikes!
Just lost signal on all my cable channels
Not sure what's up
Froze a couple of times then nothing
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number
Acct is 64178642
I pulled up your account. There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
I pulled up your account.
There's seems to be an outage there at the moment and may take up to 24 hours to resolve.
Oof
Ok
I'm sorry for the inconvenience, I will credit your account for the missed day
Thanks
You're welcome. Is there anything else
You're welcome.
Is there anything else
No
Thanks for info
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hello, i have a problem, i ordered a black wood dinning table and i received a wrong model
What is your order number?
5464
Okay, let me look that up
Ok
Which model did you receive"?
Hard oak River table
Okay. I see what happened to the order. I will have the correct table out to by the end of the day
Okay.
I see what happened to the order.
I will have the correct table out to by the end of the day
Ok
Are guys going to pick up the wrong table?
Yes, they will pick it up when they drop off your correct one. I'd like to also send a table pad for the inconvenience
Yes, they will pick it up when they drop off your correct one.
I'd like to also send a table pad for the inconvenience
Thank you very much
You are nice
You're welcome.
Enjoy your new furniture
I just moved to a new apartment and I need to update my address and make an appointment for installation as the new apartment doesn't have cabling already installed.
I can assist you with this. What's your new address
I can assist you with this.
What's your new address
29 north st apt 675 New York NY 10006
Let me see if we service your area
Ok
We do. I can have an installer out to you onMarch 10th does that work?
We do.
I can have an installer out to you onMarch 10th does that work?
Yes March 10 will work
Does afternoon work
Yes as long as it will be before 7. I have plans for dinner on that day.
Yes as long as it will be before 7.
I have plans for dinner on that day.
Let's do the morning then just in case. 9a to noon?
Let's do the morning then just in case.
9a to noon?
Yea that would be good
Great. You are confirmed.
Great.
You are confirmed.
Ok thanks
Have a great day
Hi I recently purchased tickets to see a concert and when I looked at my bank statement I was charged twice.
I will be happy to look into this. What's your order number?
I will be happy to look into this.
What's your order number?
6885337
I see the order and I see that you were double billed. I've refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
I see the order and I see that you were double billed.
I've refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
Great thank you!
Enjoy the concert
I bought tickets this morning for Springsteen at Verizon Ctr in May
Just checked my statement and looks like I got double charged?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the order number
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's the order number
The order/transaction number is 6181765
Last four digits on my card are 3198 if that helps
I see the order and I see that you were double billed. I've refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
I see the order and I see that you were double billed.
I've refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
Ok
Thanks for checking that
Absolutely. I apologize for the error.
Absolutely.
I apologize for the error.
I'm just glad we got it fixed
Happy to get funds credited back
Because you're such a loyal customer, I'd like to offer you 20% off your next purchase please use code 20%.
Oh wow
Excellent!
We definitely will use that!
Enjoy the concer
concert
Hello, i missed my flight because of the snow. I could not call you guys because the resort does not have telephone
Hello, i missed my flight because of the snow.
I could not call you guys because the resort does not have telephone
Could you help me Find when the next flights are available?
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight.
What is your last name and confirmation #"
Coppola confirmation number  677388
Okay, I have two options. One at 6p with a layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 8p. Which do you prefer
Okay, I have two options.
One at 6p with a layover in Chicago and a direct flight at 8p.
Which do you prefer
Direct flight at 8 is better
Okay, I have an aisle bulkhead seat. Does that work?
Okay, I have an aisle bulkhead seat.
Does that work?
Aísle is fine
Great, you are confirmed. Confirmation # 65145415. flight 963 at 8p
Great, you are confirmed.
Confirmation # 65145415. flight 963 at 8p
Thank you for your help
Have a safe flight
Oh man. So how much trouble are we in for missing our flight out of Denver this AM and not even checking in?
Oh man.
So how much trouble are we in for missing our flight out of Denver this AM and not even checking in?
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight.
What is your last name and confirmation #
Ski resort was snowed in completely and no power
Just getting near airport now
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight.
What is your last name and confirmation #"
Us too!
Are we stuck at the airport all weekend?
Can you get us to DC?
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight.
What is your last name and confirmation #"
The flight was American 377
10:00 departure this AM
Okay, I found your information. I have two options. 4pm with a layover in Chicago and a 6p direct
Okay, I found your information.
I have two options.
4pm with a layover in Chicago and a 6p direct
The direct flight would be awesome
Let us grab some lunc first
Great, you are confirmed. Confirmation # 65145415. flight 963 at 6
Great, you are confirmed.
Confirmation # 65145415. flight 963 at 6
Awesome
Huge relief
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50
Ooh.
Yes give us the upgrade
Need it!
I'm sure you do. You're all set. confirmation number is 5544595. Flight 965
I'm sure you do.
You're all set.
confirmation number is 5544595.
Flight 965
Thanks again
You're welcome. Have a safe flight
You're welcome.
Have a safe flight
I'm having problems with my cable where none of the channels work. Can you help me with this?
I'm having problems with my cable where none of the channels work.
Can you help me with this?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
47537621
Have you tried rebooting the system?
I haven't. How do I reboot it?
I haven't.
How do I reboot it?
Unplug it at the wall, wait a few seconds and plug it back in
Ok let me try that. Hold on a minute.
Ok let me try that.
Hold on a minute.
That fixed the problem. Thanks.
That fixed the problem.
Thanks.
Great. I'm happy that we were able to resolve the problem quickly. Is there anything else I can do for you
Great.
I'm happy that we were able to resolve the problem quickly.
Is there anything else I can do for you
No that's all I needed
Have  a great day
Hi, I missed my flight because I was snowed into my resort this past weekend. When can I get on a flight home?
Hi, I missed my flight because I was snowed into my resort this past weekend.
When can I get on a flight home?
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight. What is your last name and confirmation #"
I'm sorry to hear  you missed your flight.
What is your last name and confirmation #"
Lewis and confirmation# 3578322
Okay, I found your information. I have two options. 4pm with a layover in Chicago and a 6p direct
Okay, I found your information.
I have two options.
4pm with a layover in Chicago and a 6p direct
6pm direct flight please
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50. Would you like to upgrade
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50.
Would you like to upgrade
Yes that would be great
Perfect. I charged it to the card on file. Your confirmation # is KD5432558. Flight # 963
Perfect.
I charged it to the card on file.
Your confirmation # is KD5432558.
Flight # 963
Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a safe flight'
You're welcome.
Have a safe flight'
I moved and I need to contact my internet provider, ACME, to update my address. I also need new installation because my new apartment doesn't have the same cabling.
I moved and I need to contact my internet provider, ACME, to update my address.
I also need new installation because my new apartment doesn't have the same cabling.
I'm happy to help you with that. What's  your new address
I'm happy to help you with that.
What's  your new address
510 Huron street in Bakersfield California 93307
What apartment number?
679
Thank you for that information. let me see if we service your area
Thank you for that information.
let me see if we service your area
Okay
Yes, we are in your area. There is a $125 installation fee.
Yes, we are in your area.
There is a $125 installation fee.
We have March 10th available for install does that owrk
woprk
work
Yes
Yes
Great, Afternoon or morning
Yes
Afternoon
Okay, you are confirmed. March 10th. Please make sure someone is home between 2p and 6p
Okay, you are confirmed.
March 10th.
Please make sure someone is home between 2p and 6p
Okay will do
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all thank you
You're welcom
I bought tickets for the show next week and after looking at my receipt I see that u was double charged. Can you fix that for me?
I bought tickets for the show next week and after looking at my receipt I see that u was double charged.
Can you fix that for me?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number?
2534523
Okay, I see that you ordered two tickets but in two different parts of the theatre. Row AA seats 12 and 13 and Row G seats 3and 4
Okay, I see that you ordered two tickets but in two different parts of the theatre.
Row AA seats 12 and 13 and Row G seats 3and 4
No I only wanted to order the ones in row G
Okay, Unfortunately we don't offer refunds for ticket purchases.
I do see that you are a very loyal customer, let me see if there's anything I can do
Ok thanks. I think a computer error may have caused the problem.
Ok thanks.
I think a computer error may have caused the problem.
I can offer a credit on your next purchaser but I can't offer a refund. If you think it was our error, you can reach out to our Site Security team and place a complaint 1800-555-1233
I can offer a credit on your next purchaser but I can't offer a refund.
If you think it was our error, you can reach out to our Site Security team and place a complaint 1800-555-1233
A credit will be fine. I purchase tickets regularly
A credit will be fine.
I purchase tickets regularly
Thank you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all
enjoy your concer
Enjoy your concert
I missed my flight yesterday because I was snowed in at the ski resort. There were no phones there so this is the first time I could call. Is there an available flight today?
I missed my flight yesterday because I was snowed in at the ski resort.
There were no phones there so this is the first time I could call.
Is there an available flight today?
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight. What is your confirmation number
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight.
What is your confirmation number
47
I see that there are two flights one at 6p direct and 8p with a brief layover in Chicago
I would prefer the 6p one
Okay. You are confirmed at 6pm. Confirmation number 9658VX. Flight number 963. I've put you in an aisle seat.
Okay.
You are confirmed at 6pm.
Confirmation number 9658VX.
Flight number 963.
I've put you in an aisle seat.
Awesome thank you
Have a safe flight.
None of my cable tv channels are working. What could the problem be?
None of my cable tv channels are working.
What could the problem be?
Hey Kendall,  Let me try to assist you.
Okay
Have you tried to restart you system?
No I haven't
Could you please try to do that quickly?
Yes
I will standby while you do this.
It worked
Great, sometime there is a syncing problem.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It worked
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are you unable to read my messages? If so try closing the app and restarting.
Are you unable to read my messages?
If so try closing the app and restarting.
It is being slow to load. That is all I need help eithb
It is being slow to load.
That is all I need help eithb
Have  a great day further.
I purchased some concert tickets online from ACME and they double charged me. Can you help me refund the second charge?
I purchased some concert tickets online from ACME and they double charged me.
Can you help me refund the second charge?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number
567888843
I pulled up your order and see that you were double billed.
I apologize for this
I have credited your account and you will see the refund in two day
days
Thank you
You're welcome. Enjoy your concert
You're welcome.
Enjoy your concert
I'm trying to pay my power bill online but I am locked out of my account
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number
5633
Thank you for that information. To verify your identity please tell me the last 4 digits of your Social and your zip code
Thank you for that information.
To verify your identity please tell me the last 4 digits of your Social and your zip code
5272 27161
Thanks
I reset your account with a temporary password. Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
I reset your account with a temporary password.
Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Thanks. I'm able to login now.
Thanks.
I'm able to login now.
Okay, let me know when you've reset
I reset it.
Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. You solved my problem.
Nope.
You solved my problem.
Have a great day
Hello. I was at a resort last weekend and got snowed in and missed my flight back. There was no internet or phone signal so I couldn't contact ACME to let them know. I just got into the nearest town and need to explain why I missed my flight and find the next available one
Hello.
I was at a resort last weekend and got snowed in and missed my flight back.
There was no internet or phone signal so I couldn't contact ACME to let them know.
I just got into the nearest town and need to explain why I missed my flight and find the next available one
I'm sorry to see that you missed your flight. What's the confirmation number?
I'm sorry to see that you missed your flight.
What's the confirmation number?
4457775359
To verify your identity, what's your zip code?
93307
Thanks for that information.  I have two available flights. 6p with a layover in Chicago and 8p direct. Do either of those work
Thanks for that information.
I have two available flights.
6p with a layover in Chicago and 8p direct.
Do either of those work
The direct flight please
Since you are a Platinum Member, there is no charge for the change and I can offer you an upgrade to First Class for $50
That would be great
Done. I've charged your account on file. confirmation # 69141GE. Flight number 963
Done.
I've charged your account on file.
confirmation # 69141GE.
Flight number 963
Thank you so much
Sure! Have a safe flight
Sure!
Have a safe flight
Good afternoon, I'm trying to login to pay my electric but seemed to have locked myself out
I'm happy to help you with this. What's your account number
I'm happy to help you with this.
What's your account number
467437
For verification what is the last four digits of your Social and your zipcode
SS 4555 zip code-46789
Thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temp password. Check  your inbox for instructions to reset it
Thank you for that information.
I have reset your account with a temp password.
Check  your inbox for instructions to reset it
I'm in!  Thank you
I'm in!
Thank you
Perfect. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Perfect.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all
Have a great day
I received a notice today that the new modem I ordered was left at my front door but when I got home from work I can't find it anywhere.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number?
9
Thank you. Let me research this
Thank you.
Let me research this
Ok
I pulled up your account. It says it was signed for by John Smith.  do you know who that is?
I pulled up your account.
It says it was signed for by John Smith.
do you know who that is?
No. I don't know him.
No.
I don't know him.
Hmmm, okay. I'll have to log a ticket with the delivery service. I hope to get this resolved quickly. I will follow up with you tomorrow.
Hmmm, okay.
I'll have to log a ticket with the delivery service.
I hope to get this resolved quickly.
I will follow up with you tomorrow.
Ok. You will call sometime tomorrow?
Yes.
ok thanks
Is the phone number you have on file ending in 3336 the best to reach you?
Yes
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with
That's all for now
Have a great day
Hi I think I need a hand with the online account for my electric bill.
Was trying to pay online and it locked me out because I couldn't remember my password
Online acct name is tnieto578
Thanks.  For verification please tell me the last 4 of your social and your zipcode
Thanks.
For verification please tell me the last 4 of your social and your zipcode
703 612 7999
thanks. I reset your account with  temporary password. check your inbox for instructions to reset it
thanks.
I reset your account with  temporary password.
check your inbox for instructions to reset it
Great thanks
Will do
Anything else I can help you with
Nope just got reset email
So thanks!
Have a great day
I can't seem to get my cable channels to work. Do you have any idea what the problem could be?
I can't seem to get my cable channels to work.
Do you have any idea what the problem could be?
Hello?
Hi. Sorry, my system is slow
Hi.
Sorry, my system is slow
What's your account number
No problem. 6654341
No problem.
6654341
Have you tried rebooting our system?
I have not. How do I do that?
I have not.
How do I do that?
Unplug the cord from the outlet, wait a few secs and plug it back in.
Ok let me try that.
Ok that seems to have done the job. Thank you very much.
Ok that seems to have done the job.
Thank you very much.
Fantastic. I'm glad it worked. I also see that  you have an outstanding payment due. Can I take care of that with  you now
Fantastic.
I'm glad it worked.
I also see that  you have an outstanding payment due.
Can I take care of that with  you now
Actually I would like to mail it in. Would that be ok?
Actually I would like to mail it in.
Would that be ok?
I will mail the entire balance today
That's perfectly fine .Is there anything else I can do for you
No that's it. Thank you for your help.
No that's it.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome
I received notice that my modem was delivered to my residence. However, it is not here and I wasn't home when it was delivered. I also request a signature be required upon delivery.
I received notice that my modem was delivered to my residence.
However, it is not here and I wasn't home when it was delivered.
I also request a signature be required upon delivery.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number?
636845
I pulled up your account. It says it was signed for by John Smith.  do you know who that is?
I pulled up your account.
It says it was signed for by John Smith.
do you know who that is?
No idea. Nobody lives here by that name
No idea.
Nobody lives here by that name
Okay, I'll have to create a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service. I'll try and  get it resolved as quickly as possible.
Okay, I'll have to create a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service.
I'll try and  get it resolved as quickly as possible.
Thank you
I will be in touch tomorrow. Is the phone ending in 6647 the best to reach you at?
I will be in touch tomorrow.
Is the phone ending in 6647 the best to reach you at?
Yes
Okay. Thanks for your understanding while we resolve this issue.
Okay.
Thanks for your understanding while we resolve this issue.
No problem
Have a great day
Hi! I just moved and need to update my account and order an install.
Hi!
I just moved and need to update my account and order an install.
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's  your new address
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's  your new address
345 4th street Santa Fe NM 87654
Apt 7
Let me see if we service your area
Ok
Yes, we do. Let me see if we service your area
Yes, we do.
Let me see if we service your area
Ok
We do. There
We do.
There
is an install charge of $125 because there's no wiring at that address
Is there any way to wave this fee?
No, but I can offer you 2  months free HBO
Ok sounds great!
Great. Is March 10th okay for install
Great.
Is March 10th okay for install
Yes
morning or afternoon
Morning
Okay, you're confirmed for March 10. Please make sure someone is there between 9a and noon
Okay, you're confirmed for March 10.
Please make sure someone is there between 9a and noon
Ok I will
Great Is there anything else I can do for you
Nope
Have a great day
My internet has been really slow now for like a week. It's so slow I can't stream anything. How can I fix this?
My internet has been really slow now for like a week.
It's so slow I can't stream anything.
How can I fix this?
I'm happy to look into this. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this.
What's your account number
3734742
I pulled up your account. I see you made a payment on March 1st but it was declind
I pulled up your account.
I see you made a payment on March 1st but it was declind
declined
That's not good. Let me make another payment online right now.
That's not good.
Let me make another payment online right now.
I can do that for you if you like
Sure. My card number is 4372 4654 4754 expiration 02/15
Sure.
My card number is 4372 4654 4754 expiration 02/15
Thank you. I've charged that card and it was accepted. You should be at full speed in 10 minutes
Thank you.
I've charged that card and it was accepted.
You should be at full speed in 10 minutes
Great. Thanks.
Great.
Thanks.
Have a great night
Hi I just noticed that I was charged twice for my concert tickets. How do I go about getting refunded?
Hi I just noticed that I was charged twice for my concert tickets.
How do I go about getting refunded?
I can look into this for  you. What's your order number and event name
I can look into this for  you.
What's your order number and event name
The order number is 654789 and the event name is Garth Brooks/Trisha Yearwood
Great. Love them! let me research thiks
Great.
Love them!
let me research thiks
this
Me too. Thank you.
Me too.
Thank you.
I see the error and will refund that charge. it should hit your account in two day
I see the error and will refund that charge.
it should hit your account in two day
day
s
That would be great. Is there anything else I need to do?
That would be great.
Is there anything else I need to do?
No. thank you for your understanding
No.
thank you for your understanding
I need some help w my delivery on a modem I ordered from you folks
Got a text while I was having lunch that it got delivered and dropped at door
Got home just now and it's not here
Specifically requested signature on delivery
Is this on you all or delivery company?
I'm sorry to hear this. What's your order number so I can research it
I'm sorry to hear this.
What's your order number so I can research it
61425782587
I see that it was inadvertently delivered without a signature. We well overnight a new one and open a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service
I see that it was inadvertently delivered without a signature.
We well overnight a new one and open a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service
Ok good to know they're responsible I guess
Still need a modem that I ordered tho
Yes, we will overnight it to you.
Cool thanks
Is there anything else? I will follow up to let you know how it was resolved as well.
Is there anything else?
I will follow up to let you know how it was resolved as well.
Nope thanks
You're welcome
Hello, my internet has been super slow this week. Can barely do anything online, as bad as dial up
Hello, my internet has been super slow this week.
Can barely do anything online, as bad as dial up
I'm happy to look into this. what's your account number
I'm happy to look into this.
what's your account number
12345006
Have you tried rebooting your router
Yes several times
Let me look at your history.
It appears that you have 10 active users. Are you aware of theat
It appears that you have 10 active users.
Are you aware of theat
that
No
I suggest that you change your password and username and reboot all your devices
Ok will di
Looks like that helped. My neighbors were probably enjoying free wifi
Looks like that helped.
My neighbors were probably enjoying free wifi
Oh boy! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh boy!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thanks
Have a great day
Hi I need to update my address I recently moved and the new building doesn't have he cabling.
I would think I also need someone to come and install the necessary equipment
I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address
6532 elm haven Cheyenne, Wyoming
Apt 321
Thank you. Let me see if we service that area
Thank you.
Let me see if we service that area
Great thank you!
We do. Thereis an install charge of $125 because there's no wiring at that address
We do.
Thereis an install charge of $125 because there's no wiring at that address
Ok can you add that to my bill or so I just pay when you install
I can add it to the bill. Would you like to split it across three months?
I can add it to the bill.
Would you like to split it across three months?
That would be even better!  Thank you. What day works best to install
That would be even better!
Thank you.
What day works best to install
March 10th. morning of afternoon
March 10th.
morning of afternoon
That works great. Thank you.
That works great.
Thank you.
I will be here
You are confirmed. Please make sure someone is home between 9a and noon
You are confirmed.
Please make sure someone is home between 9a and noon
I will do that. Thank you.
I will do that.
Thank you.
You're welcome
I ordered a bookshelf and and when I started putting it together I realized it is missing a shelf. Can you send the extra shelf to me?
I ordered a bookshelf and and when I started putting it together I realized it is missing a shelf.
Can you send the extra shelf to me?
I'm sorry you had this issue. What's the order number
I'm sorry you had this issue.
What's the order number
36743677266262
Is it the Oak 5-shelf?
Right
Hmmmm, it seems that we sent you the 4-shelf model. Since you already started to put it together, please keep that one and we
Hmmmm, it seems that we sent you the 4-shelf model.
Since you already started to put it together, please keep that one and we
will overnight the 50shefl
shelf
Ok cool. I appreciate it.
Ok cool.
I appreciate it.
Is there anything else I can do for you
That's all
Have a great day
Hi. I can barely stay online.  Internet is incredibly slow. Can't stream YouTube or anything
Hi.
I can barely stay online.
Internet is incredibly slow.
Can't stream YouTube or anything
I'm happy to look into this. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this.
What's your account number
90176389861
Have you tried rebooting the router
No
Can I just power it off and on?
yes
Ok it's powering back up
Trying YouTube
Seems faster
Ok yeah that worked
Wow yeah much better
Great. I also see that you currently have 10 active users are you aware of that?
Great.
I also see that you currently have 10 active users are you aware of that?
Really?
Didn't realize
I suggest you change your password and username
Yes will do
Yikes
Thanks for the info
Have a great day
None of my channels work! Please help!!!
None of my channels work!
Please help!!
!
Help!!
Help!
!
Anybody there???
Anybody there??
?
I'm sorry, my system froze. What is your account number
I'm sorry, my system froze.
What is your account number
No problem. 4675335
No problem.
4675335
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Yes
When was the last time you tried?
Just now
Okay, let me see if there's an issue in our area
Ok
There is an outage nearby. It should be resolved within the hour
There is an outage nearby.
It should be resolved within the hour
Oh ok
Is there anything else I can help you with
No
Have a great day
Hi. I missed my flight because of the weather. I was unable to call or text or email as the lines were down. Can I find out when the next flights out are and explain why I missed
Hi.
I missed my flight because of the weather.
I was unable to call or text or email as the lines were down.
Can I find out when the next flights out are and explain why I missed
I'm sorry you missed your flight. What's your confirmation number
I'm sorry you missed your flight.
What's your confirmation number
43531234
For verification, what is your zipcode
55341
I see there are two flight options. 6p with a layover in Chicago and 8p direct
I see there are two flight options.
6p with a layover in Chicago and 8p direct
What is the price difference between the two
Since you are a platinum member, there is no charge for the change
That is great news. I would like the 8pm direct flight
That is great news.
I would like the 8pm direct flight
Thank you
Perfect, window or aisle
Window
Please
Great. You are all set. confirmation 5444555RW. Flight 567
Great.
You are all set.
confirmation 5444555RW.
Flight 567
Thank you very much. I appreciate all of your help and thank you for making it so easy
Thank you very much.
I appreciate all of your help and thank you for making it so easy
Sure. Have a safe flight
Sure.
Have a safe flight
I ordered one of your bookshelfs, and when it arrived today I noticed one of the shelves is missing in the box.
I'm sorry this happened. What's your order number?
I'm sorry this happened.
What's your order number?
57447
Is it the 5-shelf Oak?
Yes. Well it has 4 shelves. Should have 5
Yes.
Well it has 4 shelves.
Should have 5
Oh, it appears we sent you the 4-shelf Oak. Since you already started to build it, You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-shelf
Oh, it appears we sent you the 4-shelf Oak.
Since you already started to build it, You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-shelf
You guys are awesome
Thanks
You're welcome.
Good afternoon! I'm putting together the bookshelf I ordered from you last week
Good afternoon!
I'm putting together the bookshelf I ordered from you last week
And I it's missing a shelf!
'm sorry this happened. What's your order number?
'm sorry this happened.
What's your order number?
Had my wife count to make sure I wasn't crazy
Order is 87524177
Is it the 5-shelf Oak?
Yes! That's the one
Yes!
That's the one
Oh, it appears we sent you the 4-shelf Oak. Since you already started to build it, You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-shelf
Oh, it appears we sent you the 4-shelf Oak.
Since you already started to build it, You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-shelf
Really?
That explains the four shelves then!
Really generous of you!
We like to make right by our mistakes
Anything else i can do?
Appreciate it
No
Enjoy!
I purchased some tickets to a show and was charge twice!
I am happy to look into this. What's your order number
I am happy to look into this.
What's your order number
633673
For verification what is the event name and your zipcode
Kid Rock 86467
Thank you. let me pull that up
Thank you.
let me pull that up
Ok
I see that you were double booked. I have credited your account. you should see the refund in two day
I see that you were double booked.
I have credited your account.
you should see the refund in two day
days
Ok thanks!
Is there anything else I can do
Nope
Have a great night
Hi, i was trying to pay my electric bill online. I must have forgotten my log in info, and since i tried numerous times, my account got locked. Could you help me in accessing my account?
Hi, i was trying to pay my electric bill online.
I must have forgotten my log in info, and since i tried numerous times, my account got locked.
Could you help me in accessing my account?
I'm happy to assist. What's your account number
I'm happy to assist.
What's your account number
I wish i knew from the top of my head
Okay, what's the last four digits of your phone associated with this account
3346
Let me research this
Ok
I have reset  your account with temporary password. Check your inbox for instructions to set up a new one
I have reset  your account with temporary password.
Check your inbox for instructions to set up a new one
Thats great, ill make sure to set a new one i can easily remember
Very good, Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, you have helped me a lot
Now i must pay my bill
Thank you
You're welcome. Would you like me to take care of that for you with the card you have on file?
You're welcome.
Would you like me to take care of that for you with the card you have on file?
Not at the moment
Okay. Have a great night
Okay.
Have a great night
I got snowed in at my resort and missed my flight! I need to get a new flight!
I got snowed in at my resort and missed my flight!
I need to get a new flight!
I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight What's your confirmation number
587532
For verification. what is the flight number and your zipcode
For verification.
what is the flight number and your zipcode
# 6447 88754
I see two options for you. 6p with a layover  in Chicago and a direct flight at 11p.
I see two options for you.
6p with a layover  in Chicago and a direct flight at 11p.
6 pm
Thank you. Since you are a Gold Member Flyer, there's no charge for this change
Thank you.
Since you are a Gold Member Flyer, there's no charge for this change
Great!
Have a safe flight
My internet speed has been very slow this past week. I could barely get anything done online. Could you find out what is wrong?
My internet speed has been very slow this past week.
I could barely get anything done online.
Could you find out what is wrong?
I can look into this for you. What's  your account numer
I can look into this for you.
What's  your account numer
number
1156 valentines street, henderson NV 89074
7024565443
Did you try rebooting your router
I did, but no change
Okay, I reviewed your account. Are you aware that you have 10 active users?
Okay, I reviewed your account.
Are you aware that you have 10 active users?
No
I strongly suggest that you reset your password. Then reboot all your devices
I strongly suggest that you reset your password.
Then reboot all your devices
Okay, ill do that
Is there anything else I can do for  you
Thats it for now. But ill be back if changing the password does not resolve my problem
Thats it for now.
But ill be back if changing the password does not resolve my problem
Please do that. We may need to send someone out to work directly on your equipment
Please do that.
We may need to send someone out to work directly on your equipment
Im okay with that if needed
Okay, let us know. Have a good night
Okay, let us know.
Have a good night
I am trying to pay my electric bill online. After 4 tries to log in I got locked out. Can you help me?
I am trying to pay my electric bill online.
After 4 tries to log in I got locked out.
Can you help me?
I can help you with this. What's your account number
I can help you with this.
What's your account number
6357532
For verification, please tell me the last 4 digits of your Social and your zipcode
6547 zip 87457
Thank you. I've reset your account with a temporary password. Check your inbox for instructions to reset it
Thank you.
I've reset your account with a temporary password.
Check your inbox for instructions to reset it
Ok thanks! I see it there in my email.
Ok thanks!
I see it there in my email.
Great. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope
Have a great night
I ordered an internet modem online. This morning i got an email notification saying that my modem had been delivered and was left in my front door. When i came home there was no package in sight. I was pretty sure i wanted a signature upon delivery. Why did they delivered it still? Now what i bought is missing.
I ordered an internet modem online.
This morning i got an email notification saying that my modem had been delivered and was left in my front door.
When i came home there was no package in sight.
I was pretty sure i wanted a signature upon delivery.
Why did they delivered it still?
Now what i bought is missing.
I can help. What's your order number
I can help.
What's your order number
45789007
Okay I pulled up your account. I see that it was delivered without a signature. I will overnight one to you and open an ticket of inquiry with the delivery serviced
Okay I pulled up your account.
I see that it was delivered without a signature.
I will overnight one to you and open an ticket of inquiry with the delivery serviced
I see
I dont understand the ticket part
I'm sorry for the inconvenience. I need to resolve the issue, The order states to get a signature
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
I need to resolve the issue, The order states to get a signature
Yeah, thats what i wanted happen since what i bought was expensive
That'
is why we are overnighting you another one.
Thanks
You are welcome. Have a great night
You are welcome.
Have a great night
I placed an order for a modem and I got an email it was delivered to my door when I wasn't there. I got home and there was no package. The package was supposed to require a signature!
I placed an order for a modem and I got an email it was delivered to my door when I wasn't there.
I got home and there was no package.
The package was supposed to require a signature!
I can assist you. What's the order number
I can assist you.
What's the order number
56622
Okay I pulled up your account. I see that it was delivered without a signature. I will overnight one to you and open an ticket of inquiry with the delivery serviced
Okay I pulled up your account.
I see that it was delivered without a signature.
I will overnight one to you and open an ticket of inquiry with the delivery serviced
Sounds great!
Thank you for understanding. Is there anything else I can help you with
Thank you for understanding.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Nope
Have a great night
My Internet has been really slow for like a week! What is going on?
My Internet has been really slow for like a week!
What is going on?
I can look into this. what's our account number
I can look into this.
what's our account number
855732652
did you reboot the router
Yes
There are currently 10 active users. Did you know that
There are currently 10 active users.
Did you know that
No!
How??!!!
How??!!
!
I see your router has WPS enabled
that only uses a security code which is 8 digits long
Oh
I would recommend you change your password and also deactivate that
Ok I will
Do you require assistance in doing this?
No
Would you like me to stay online while you do this? If not is there anything else I can assist you with?
Would you like me to stay online while you do this?
If not is there anything else I can assist you with?
I got it. That's all thanks!
I got it.
That's all thanks!
thank you, I hope you have a great day further.
I ordered a bookshelf online and when it came in I went to put it together and it was missing a shelf! Please help!
I ordered a bookshelf online and when it came in I went to put it together and it was missing a shelf!
Please help!
I am sorry about this.
Let me pull up your order quickly
Ok thanks!
Ah, I see you ordered the 5 shelf oak bookcase?
is this true?
Yes and there are only 4 shelves
I understand.  I have looked on the system and we have an extra shelf to send you.
I understand.
I have looked on the system and we have an extra shelf to send you.
Awesome!
I have instructed our factory to do so. This will be free of charge.
I have instructed our factory to do so.
This will be free of charge.
Thanks!
Considering that it is out fault and you like book, could I offer you a book to help fill the bookcase?
Sure!
Which book would you like?
What book?
Um
Firestarter Steven king
Fire starter is one of my favorite books. I have places an order and it should also be arriving with the shelf.
Fire starter is one of my favorite books.
I have places an order and it should also be arriving with the shelf.
It was a pleasure helping you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure helping you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks! No thats all
Thanks!
No thats all
In that case thank you for your time, I hope you have a great day further.
Hi. I just moved and need to update my address, and also have the internet installed.
Hi.
I just moved and need to update my address, and also have the internet installed.
Good morning John, I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Good morning John, I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your new address?
456 sage rd apt 3, Houston, tx
Thank you. Let me confirm that we can service your area.
Thank you.
Let me confirm that we can service your area.
Okay, yes, we can. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Okay, yes, we can.
The next available appointment is March 12th.
Does that work for you?
Yes
Great. Morning or afternoon
Great.
Morning or afternoon
Morning
You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
Great
Is there anything else I can assist you with
That is all
Have a great day
I moved and need new cable installed
?
?
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your new address?
123 fake st
Let me see if we service that area
sure
The first appointment we have is March 12th. Does that work for you
The first appointment we have is March 12th.
Does that work for you
yes
Morning or afternoon
?
morning
Great. You are confirmed for March 12th. A technician will be there between 9a and noon
Great.
You are confirmed for March 12th.
A technician will be there between 9a and noon
sure
Is there anything else I can assist you with
no
Have a great day
Hello, i just moved and i need to order a new installation for my new address
My address is 6382 coblle street San Diego
Thank  you. Is there an apartment number?
Thank  you.
Is there an apartment number?
Yes 3b
Great. Let me see if we service your area.
Great.
Let me see if we service your area.
Ok
Yes we do. The first appointment we have is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Yes we do.
The first appointment we have is March 12th.
Does that work for you?
Yes that is perfect
Do i have to pay the installation fee?
No, there is cabling installed. Do you prefer morning or afternoon
No, there is cabling installed.
Do you prefer morning or afternoon
Afternoon
Is better for me
Great. You're confirmed for March 12th. Between noon and 2p
Great.
You're confirmed for March 12th.
Between noon and 2p
Thank you very much
You're welcome
I recently moved. I wanted to update my address and also make an appointment for new installation
I recently moved.
I wanted to update my address and also make an appointment for new installation
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your new address?
42 pond st, Boston ma
Thanks. Let me confirm that we service your area
Thanks.
Let me confirm that we service your area
Ok
Yes, we do. The next appointment date is March 12th. Does that work for you
Yes, we do.
The next appointment date is March 12th.
Does that work for you
Yes that's perfect!
Great. You're confirmed for March 12th. - Morning or Afternoon
Great.
You're confirmed for March 12th.
- Morning or Afternoon
Morning please
Okay, please make sure someone is there between 9a and noon. Is there anything else I can assist you with
Okay, please make sure someone is there between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Nope. That's it. Thank you!
Nope.
That's it.
Thank you!
You're welcome
Hello. My cable seems to be out. Can't get any channels
Hello.
My cable seems to be out.
Can't get any channels
I can assist. What's your account number
I can assist.
What's your account number
57546
Thank you. Did you try rebooting your system
Thank you.
Did you try rebooting your system
Yes
Okay, Let me take a look to see if there are any issues in your area
I see that there is an outage in your area.
Ok
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Great. Thank you
Great.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with
That is all
Have a great day
none of my cable channels work
I can assist. What's your account number
I can assist.
What's your account number
12345
Have you tried rebooting the system
yes
Okay, Let me take a look to see if there are any issues in your area
sure
There is an outage in  your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
There is an outage in  your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
sure
Is there anything else I can assist you with today
no
Thank you. Have a great day
Thank you.
Have a great day
Hello, i have a problem. None of my tv channels are working. I reseted the box a couple of times and did not work. My account is 4567
Hello, i have a problem.
None of my tv channels are working.
I reseted the box a couple of times and did not work.
My account is 4567
Okay, Let me take a look to see if there are any issues in your area
There is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
There is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Ok, i Will wait an hour. If nothing happens, i Will contact you again
Ok, i Will wait an hour.
If nothing happens, i Will contact you again
Great. Thank you. Is there anything else I can assist you with todya
Great.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with todya
today
No Thats all
Thank you
Have a great day
Thank you, you too.
I'm having an issue with my cable. None of the channels are working.
I'm having an issue with my cable.
None of the channels are working.
I can help you. What's your account number
I can help you.
What's your account number
3224578
Okay, have  you tried rebooting the system
Yes
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in your area
Ok
Yes, there is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hor
Yes, there is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hor
hour
Ok cool
Is there anything else I can assist you with
Nope that's it
Have a great day
Hi! I just moved and I need to update my address and order a new install.
Hi!
I just moved and I need to update my address and order a new install.
Good morning, Wes. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
Good morning, Wes.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address
5632 elm road # 3 los Lunas , NM 87031
Let me see we service your area
Ok
We do, the next available appointment is March 12th.
Ok sounds good!
Morning or afternoon
Morning please
You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon.
Is there anything else i an assist yo uwith
Nope thanks!
Have a great day
i got tickets and was charged twice
?
I'm happy to assist. What's your order number and event name
I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number and event name
eminem concert
What's your order number
12345
?
Okay, let me pull up your order
sure
?
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
I see that you were double billed.
I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
sure
Have a great day
Hello. I just noticed I was double charged for the concert tickets I recently purchased
Hello.
I just noticed I was double charged for the concert tickets I recently purchased
I'm happy to assist. What's your order number and event name
I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number and event name
46735745 Miley Cyrus
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
I see that you were double billed.
I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
Great
Is there anything else I can assist you with
That is all
Enjoy your concert!
Hello, i have a problem. I bought online tickets for the jay z/beyonce concert on NYC but for some reason, i was charged double. I would like a refund on the trabsaction Please
Hello, i have a problem.
I bought online tickets for the jay z/beyonce concert on NYC but for some reason, i was charged double.
I would like a refund on the trabsaction Please
'I'm happy to assist. What's your order number and event name
'I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number and event name
Order 4783 and the event name is jay z/beyonce in da house
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
I see that you were double billed.
I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
Ok Thats perfect. I Will check my account in two days
Ok Thats perfect.
I Will check my account in two days
Enjoy your concert
Hi. I recently purchased tickets to see a performance. But I was charged twice for them.
Hi.
I recently purchased tickets to see a performance.
But I was charged twice for them.
I'm happy to assist you. what's your order number and event name
I'm happy to assist you.
what's your order number and event name
5001234 and the event was Britney Spears in Vegas
I see that you were double billed. I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
I see that you were double billed.
I will credit you that amount and you should see the refund in two days
Awesome! Thanks so much!
Awesome!
Thanks so much!
You are welcome. Enjoy  the concert
You are welcome.
Enjoy  the concert
i missed a flight
?
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
#123
from LA to SF
thank you. For verification purposes, what are the last names of the passengers
thank you.
For verification purposes, what are the last names of the passengers
smith
Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Okay, I have two options.
today at 11a or 2p.
Do either of those work for you
?
yes
11a
Great. You are confirmed on flight 698 at 11a
Great.
You are confirmed on flight 698 at 11a
sure
Have a safe flight
None of my cable channels are working! What is going on???
None of my cable channels are working!
What is going on??
?
I'm happy to look into this. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this.
What's your account number
63467644
Did you try rebooting the system?
Yes several times!
Okay. Let me see if there are any issues in your area
Okay.
Let me see if there are any issues in your area
Ok
I see there is an outage in  your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
I see there is an outage in  your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Oh ok thanks!!
Oh ok thanks!
!
Is there anything I can assist with
Nope
Hi. I was snowed in at my resort and missed my flight. I am just now able to contact you. Can I get on a flight this afternoon?
Hi.
I was snowed in at my resort and missed my flight.
I am just now able to contact you.
Can I get on a flight this afternoon?
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
4567. Depart salt lake and arrive in dallas
4567.
Depart salt lake and arrive in dallas
Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Okay, I have two options.
today at 11a or 2p.
Do either of those work for you
2P
Great. You are a VIP Flyer so there are no extra charges. Have a safe flight
Great.
You are a VIP Flyer so there are no extra charges.
Have a safe flight
Thanks
You are confirmed on flight. 458. Departing Salt Lake City at 2pm.
You are confirmed on flight.
458.
Departing Salt Lake City at 2pm.
Great
You are welcome. Have a safe flight
You are welcome.
Have a safe flight
Hello, i have a problem. I missed my flight back home because of the hard snow that felt. I tríed to comunicate with you guys but there is no phone in here. Can you help me Find the next available flight?
Hello, i have a problem.
I missed my flight back home because of the hard snow that felt.
I tríed to comunicate with you guys but there is no phone in here.
Can you help me Find the next available flight?
My confirmation number is 5784
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's the flight number and departure and arrival cities
Flight number is 5567 and the departure is Chicago and arrival is Washington
Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
Okay, I have two options.
today at 11a or 2p.
Do either of those work for you
2 pm time is perfect for me
Great. You are confirmed on flight 365
Great.
You are confirmed on flight 365
Ok Thank you very much
You are welcome. Have a safe flight
You are welcome.
Have a safe flight
Hi. I missed my return flight home due to weather and was unable to call the airline because the lines were down as well. I JUST got in town and am looking to see when the next available flights are.
Hi.
I missed my return flight home due to weather and was unable to call the airline because the lines were down as well.
I JUST got in town and am looking to see when the next available flights are.
I
am sorry you missed your flight. What
am sorry you missed your flight.
What
is your flight number and last name
201 Johnson
thank you. Okay, I have two options. today at 11a or 2p. Do either of those work for you
thank you.
Okay, I have two options.
today at 11a or 2p.
Do either of those work for you
Yes. The 11 am one.
Yes.
The 11 am one.
Great. You are confirmed on flight 965
Great.
You are confirmed on flight 965
Thank you
You are welcome. Have a safe flight
You are welcome.
Have a safe flight
I recently purchased tickets to a live show and just saw I was charged twice!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the order number and event name
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's the order number and event name
6467225 kid rock concert
I reviewed your order and see that you were double billed. I will credit that amount and you should see the Refund in two days.
I reviewed your order and see that you were double billed.
I will credit that amount and you should see the Refund in two days.
Ok perfect!
Very Good, Enjoy the concert
I moved to a new apartment so I need to update my address and schedule an point for installation please.
I 'm happy to assist you. What's your new address
I 'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address
16 pine st Washington, D.C. 29228
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
Ok
we do service your area and can have someone out to you on march12th. Does that work
we do service your area and can have someone out to you on march12th.
Does that work
Yes that would work
Great. Morning or afternoon
Great.
Morning or afternoon
Morning would be better
you are confirmed between 9a and 11a. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
you are confirmed between 9a and 11a.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today
No that's all I needed
have a great day
I need some assistance with my cable. None of the channels are working right now
I need some assistance with my cable.
None of the channels are working right now
i sorry to hear that. What your account number
i sorry to hear that.
What your account number
I'm sorry...
57465467
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
Ok
have you tried rebooting the system
I did not. Let me try that now
I did not.
Let me try that now
Very good. I'll stand by
Very good.
I'll stand by
That seemed to do the trick. Thanks for your help.
That seemed to do the trick.
Thanks for your help.
fantastic. Is there anything else i can help you with today
fantastic.
Is there anything else i can help you with today
That's it. Thanks.
That's it.
Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi, I'm moving this afternoon and need to set up an appointment to install new internet svc
Guess I also need to change billing address if that's possible here
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your new address
New address is
6129 old oak ave
Apt C
Alexandria VA 20765
thank you for that information i need to make sure you area is serviceable standby
Yeah it's an older townhouse
Don't think it's wired
Yes, It is serviceable. And, you're correct. It's not wired. The cost of a full installation is $125. I can bill that in three payments if that helps
Yes, It is serviceable.
And, you're correct.
It's not wired.
The cost of a full installation is $125.
I can bill that in three payments if that helps
Yeah let's spread those out
If possible
The next available date is March 12th. Does that work
The next available date is March 12th.
Does that work
Yeah anytime that day is fine
Either myself or wife will be here
Okay, you are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
Great thanks
you're welcome have a great day
Hi! I think our cable went out. All the channels look like they're dead
Hi!
I think our cable went out.
All the channels look like they're dead
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is your account number?
Acct # is 9016351777
Thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
Thank you.
Let me see if we service your area.
Thx
we do and the next available appointment we have is march 12th does that work
So cable is def out? Ok set that appt up
So cable is def out?
Ok set that appt up
I'm sorry, my error. There is an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
I'm sorry, my error.
There is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Oh! Cool
Oh!
Cool
I can wait
is there anything else i can assist you with today
Thx for checking
you are welcome. Have a great day
you are welcome.
Have a great day
I bought tickets from your website for a concert and noticed that I was charged twice.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your order number
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is your order number
624
What is the event name?
Rebecca black on Friday March 13
Great, thanks. Let me look into that
Great, thanks.
Let me look into that
Ok
it does show a double billing though it shows two tickets purchased for march 13th at 8pm one is for seat 14 row aa and the other is seat 8 in row w
I only purchased the seat in row w
Ok. I see that we did charge you the other in error. I will refund the other amount.
Ok.
I see that we did charge you the other in error.
I will refund the other amount.
you should see the credit within two days
Ok great. Thank you
Ok great.
Thank you
you are welcome,'have a great day
Hello, I bought tickets this morning to see Prince on May 18, and it looks like I got double charged
I'm sorry to hear that what is your order number
And the event name please
Order is 30815777874
Event name is Verizon Presents Prince in Concert
Thank you for that information. Give me a moment to look into it
Thank you for that information.
Give me a moment to look into it
Thanks
I do see that you were double billed. I will credit that  amount and you should see the refund in two day
I do see that you were double billed.
I will credit that  amount and you should see the refund in two day
Thanks for checking that
Appreciate it
have a great day
I missed my flight due to a snow storm and unfortunately the phone system was down was I was unable to make arrangements prior to the flight time. Could you help me with the next available flight?
I missed my flight due to a snow storm and unfortunately the phone system was down was I was unable to make arrangements prior to the flight time.
Could you help me with the next available flight?
i sorry to hear that, what is your flight number and last name
7557 Clinton
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
K
Okay. I see that we have two options for you. Today at 2p. with a layover or 3:30p direct
Okay.
I see that we have two options for you.
Today at 2p.
with a layover or 3:30p direct
Let's go with the direct flight
very good and i see that you a platinum member thank you we will not charge you any additional fee
You're welcome.
have a safe flight
Need some help. We got snowed in at our timeshare in Colorado and missed our flight from Denver to DC last night
Need some help.
We got snowed in at our timeshare in Colorado and missed our flight from Denver to DC last night
Just got signal on cell to call
I'm sorry to hear that
Can you get us home to DC today?
what is your flight number and departure city
Flight was Southwest 612 departed 3/8 at 9:25
For verification, what is your last name and zip code
Last name is Thorne
I see that we have two flight options. Today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct
I see that we have two flight options.
Today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct
If we can get on that first one
Yes, I have confirmed this for you. Flight number 654.
Yes, I have confirmed this for you.
Flight number 654.
Oh awesome
Please check
please check your email now for the flight information
Ok it just hit my inbox
It's there
fantastic,  have a safe flight
I ordered a dining table and the wrong one was shipped to me
I can assist you with this.
what is your order number
57536
You order the Oak 42" round. What did you receive
You order the Oak 42" round.
What did you receive
An oak 60' rectangle
I'm sorry this happened.
let me look into this for you
Ok
I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
Perfect
Is there anything else i can help you with today
That's it
thank you, have a great day
I ordered a dining table and was sent the wrong one. Can you help me with this?
I ordered a dining table and was sent the wrong one.
Can you help me with this?
i can assist you with this
what is your order number
Great. 47433
Great.
47433
You order the Oak 42" round. What did you receive
You order the Oak 42" round.
What did you receive
I received the square table
I'm sorry to hear that. I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
Perfect. Thanks for your help!
Perfect.
Thanks for your help!
You are welcome.
Hello, I ordered a table online a few weeks ago and I just got delivered the wrong table today. Can you help me with this problem?
Hello, I ordered a table online a few weeks ago and I just got delivered the wrong table today.
Can you help me with this problem?
i can assist you with this.
what is your order number
i can assist you with this
My order number is 56307
What table did you receive?
I received a wooden table with a replaceable glass center and I ordered a white wooden table with no glass
Okay.
i can have the table delivered by the end of the day today
What do I do with the table I received? Will the delivery men pick it up when delivering the new table?
What do I do with the table I received?
Will the delivery men pick it up when delivering the new table?
Yes, it will be picked up when the other is dropped off
Okay, I'll ensure that they get it
Thank you
Thank  you, have a great day.
You too.
Thanks
Hi I recently purchased a dining room table online.  It looks like you sent the wrong table.  Can you check to see what's happening and send me the correct table?
Hi I recently purchased a dining room table online.
It looks like you sent the wrong table.
Can you check to see what's happening and send me the correct table?
i can assist you with this
what is your order number
638263
I see you ordered the Oak 42" round. What did you recevie
I see you ordered the Oak 42" round.
What did you recevie
receive
Looks like the maple 42
I'm sorry that happened.
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today
Great thank you so much.
You are welcome. Have a great dayh
You are welcome.
Have a great dayh
day
My cell service just stopped working and I need to get it back up as soon as possible as this is a busy day for me. Please help
My cell service just stopped working and I need to get it back up as soon as possible as this is a busy day for me.
Please help
I will be happy to assist you. What's your cell number
I will be happy to assist you.
What's your cell number
644-534-2525
Thank you for that information. Let me look into this for you
Thank you for that information.
Let me look into this for you
Ok
It appears that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Can we do a new payment method?
Sure, please go online now and update the information. I can stand by and then put the payment through for you
Sure, please go online now and update the information.
I can stand by and then put the payment through for you
Ok I put a different card in
Great, I'll put the charge through now, stand by
Did that one work?
Yes, it went through.
is there anything else i can help you with today
That's it
have a great day
My cell service just stopped working (luckily I have wifi access to message you). Can we look into this pretty quick as I am expecting some calls today
My cell service just stopped working (luckily I have wifi access to message you).
Can we look into this pretty quick as I am expecting some calls today
I'm sorry to here that. What is your cell number?
I'm sorry to here that.
What is your cell number?
3185553434
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Uh oh. Don't know why my account has money
Uh oh.
Don't know why my account has money
would you like me to put the payment through for you againg?
Yes
I put it
through again and it worked this time.
Great
Thanks for your quick service
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today
You are welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today
Thatsbit
That's it
have a great day
Hi it looks like my cell phone service has stopped working?  Can you help me out ??
Hi it looks like my cell phone service has stopped working?
Can you help me out ?
?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
what is your cell number
i am sorry to hear that.
5185982457
It appears that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
Oh sorry. Can you try running that card again?  I just got paid.
Oh sorry.
Can you try running that card again?
I just got paid.
Yes, I can, please stand by
Okay, it went through.
is there anything else i can assist you with
No that's it.  Thank you.
No that's it.
Thank you.
You're welcome
Will my service be restored immediately?
Within 10  minutes
I bought a dining table online and you guys sent the wrong one! Please fix this!
I bought a dining table online and you guys sent the wrong one!
Please fix this!
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number
Sorry, order number
5742257
I see your ordered the Oak 42" round. What did you receive
I see your ordered the Oak 42" round.
What did you receive
A square metal table!
I see the error and I can have your table delivered by the end of the day today.
Ok sounds great!
is there anything else i can help you with today
Nope
have a great day
Hello. My food ordering account appears to have been hacked and a $100 purchase made by someone while I was out of town
Hello.
My food ordering account appears to have been hacked and a $100 purchase made by someone while I was out of town
I am sorry to hear that. What's your account number
I am sorry to hear that.
What's your account number
374847948956
i see the order. Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy
i see the order.
Unfortunately the company has a no refund policy
Hello
Is there anything you can do to help a loyal customer out?
let me talk to my supervisor and see if we do something
Okay.
I've been authorized to offer you the full refund.
Great
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Awesome
Have a great day
I think my food account was hacked. I was gone for the weekend and I see that there was an order for $100 that I did not place.
I think my food account was hacked.
I was gone for the weekend and I see that there was an order for $100 that I did not place.
I am sorry to hear that. What's your account number
I am sorry to hear that.
What's your account number
3643467755
i see the charge. Unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
i see the charge.
Unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
I think I should be refunded since I did not place the order. Or I can dispute the charge with my credit card company if you prefer.
I think I should be refunded since I did not place the order.
Or I can dispute the charge with my credit card company if you prefer.
i see that you are a very loyal customer and we hate to lose you let me talk to my supervisor
Ok thanks.
I am authorized to credit the full amount. We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order
I am authorized to credit the full amount.
We'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order
Good deal. I appreciate it
Good deal.
I appreciate it
Great. I'm happy we were able to resolve this
Great.
I'm happy we were able to resolve this
is there anything else i can help you with today
That's all thank you
have a great day
Hello, I noticed that my phone service recently stopped. I'm able to connect to wifi just fine but whenever I use 3G anything that uses internet just hangs and fails to load. Can you help me with this problem?
Hello, I noticed that my phone service recently stopped.
I'm able to connect to wifi just fine but whenever I use 3G anything that uses internet just hangs and fails to load.
Can you help me with this problem?
I can assist you with this. What is your cell number
I can assist you with this.
What is your cell number
My number is 540-419-5660
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Hm, I'm not sure why that happened. Could you possibly charge my card again? If it still doesn't go through I'll call my bank and find out what's going on
Hm, I'm not sure why that happened.
Could you possibly charge my card again?
If it still doesn't go through I'll call my bank and find out what's going on
Sure, I'm happy to run it again
Okay, let me know after you dp
*do
Okay, I ran it again and it went through.
your account should be active within the next 10min
Oh okay, that's great! Thank you. I guess I'll check back with you guys if I still have the problem
Oh okay, that's great!
Thank you.
I guess I'll check back with you guys if I still have the problem
have a great day
My cellphone just stopped working! There was no notice of this! Why did this happen? I am really peeved!
My cellphone just stopped working!
There was no notice of this!
Why did this happen?
I am really peeved!
i can assist you with this problem, what is you cell number
645-643-7457
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
Oh no! I don't know why! What can I do?
Oh no!
I don't know why!
What can I do?
If you think you have the funds, I can run it again
Yes I should have money in there! Please run again!
Yes I should have money in there!
Please run again!
I just ran it again and it worked this time
is there anything else i can help you with today
No thank you!
You are welcome
Hi I just got back from vacation and someone used my online ordering account to charge $100 in food that was delivered to a local coffee shop.
This was not me can you please look into and refund these charges?
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your account number
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your account number
734742
i see the charge unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
I've been a long term customer and I think acme is partially at fault for letting my account get hacked.  Can you please escalate this to a manager.  I'd like the charges refunded.
I've been a long term customer and I think acme is partially at fault for letting my account get hacked.
Can you please escalate this to a manager.
I'd like the charges refunded.
let me talk to my supervisor and see if we do something
Yes, we can refund the entire amount
I would also like to offer you a 20% discount on your next ored
order
Great thank you I appreciate that.
Thank you for your patronage.
have a great day
We ordered a dining room table from you online last week
I think they delivered the wrong table
Ours should be in natural wood color
I'm sorry to hear this happened. What's your account number
I'm sorry to hear this happened.
What's your account number
This is white
Order number is 618183976
I have found the error in the deliver.
i can have the table delivered by the end of the day today
Oh wow
Thanks
Will they pick this one up?
Yes, they will pick it up when they deliver the new one
Thanks
Is
is there anything else i can assist you with
No thanks for the quick turnaround
You are welcome
I received a bill for a cell phone that I didn't sign up for. I need to get this fixed.
I received a bill for a cell phone that I didn't sign up for.
I need to get this fixed.
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's the cell number associated with the contract.
464-527-5262
I see that the contract is for someone named John  Smith. Do you know that person?
I see that the contract is for someone named John  Smith.
Do you know that person?
I don't.
Okay.
i have suspended the account and created a ticket for an investigation
Ok
If there are any questions or further information needed, the security team will reach out to you.
Ok thanks for your help
You are welcoem
welcome
Hi! I am really upset! I went away for the weekend and I come back to find some hacker got into my acct and spent $100. Please help me!
Hi!
I am really upset!
I went away for the weekend and I come back to find some hacker got into my acct and spent $100.
Please help me!
i sorry to hear that, what is your account number
854688
i see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
This is not acceptable! I am a long time customer!!!
This is not acceptable!
I am a long time customer!!
!
Yes, you are.
Let me if there is anything we can do
Ok thanks!
my supervisor authorized me to credit the whole amount and offer you and 20 discount on your next order
Wow! Great! Thanks!
Wow!
Great!
Thanks!
Thank you for your patronage. Have a great day
Thank you for your patronage.
Have a great day
Hi my cell just went totally dead between calls here. Still have wifi but
Hi my cell just went totally dead between calls here.
Still have wifi but
Need my phone today. Busy schedule!
Need my phone today.
Busy schedule!
i can assist you with this. What's your cell number?
i can assist you with this.
What's your cell number?
703-826-2443
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
Ok
Should have gone thru
would you like me to put the payment through for you again
Yes please
If you could
I tried it again and it went through.
is there anything else i can assist you with
Excellent
I'm good
You should have service within 10 minutes
Wonderful
Thx
Have a great day
Hey, I recently went out of town and I got a notification telling me that I was charged over $100 for food on my online food ordering account and that it was sent to a coffee shop in another state. I did not authorize this charge. Can you help me with this?
Hey, I recently went out of town and I got a notification telling me that I was charged over $100 for food on my online food ordering account and that it was sent to a coffee shop in another state.
I did not authorize this charge.
Can you help me with this?
I'm sorry to hear you had an issue.
What's your account number
My account number is 33047538
i see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
It wasn't sent to the address on my account, it clearly wasn't my charge. Are you sure there isn't anything you can do? I've been an Acme customer for years.
It wasn't sent to the address on my account, it clearly wasn't my charge.
Are you sure there isn't anything you can do?
I've been an Acme customer for years.
i see that you are a very loyal customer and we hate to lose you let me talk to my supervisor
Okay, thank you very much
I've been authorized to give you the refund
I'd also like to offer you a 20% discount on a future order.
Really? That's great! And no thanks, you're too generous. I just wanted the refund is all
Really?
That's great!
And no thanks, you're too generous.
I just wanted the refund is all
Thank you for your patronage. Have a great day
Thank you for your patronage.
Have a great day
Hi I have an invoice I was not expecting from a cellphone provider for a contract I never opened?   Can you look into this for me and help me cancel?
Hi I have an invoice I was not expecting from a cellphone provider for a contract I never opened?
Can you look into this for me and help me cancel?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with this contract
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's the cell number associated with this contract
5185982457
I pulled up the account and see that the contract is under the name John Smith. Do you know that person?
I pulled up the account and see that the contract is under the name John Smith.
Do you know that person?
No I don't know that person.
Okay, I've suspended that number.
Okay thanks.  Do I have to pay this invoice or can I ignore?
Okay thanks.
Do I have to pay this invoice or can I ignore?
I have also logged a ticket of inquiry. You don't have to pay anything. If the investigative team has any questions, they will reach out to you.
I have also logged a ticket of inquiry.
You don't have to pay anything.
If the investigative team has any questions, they will reach out to you.
Okay great thanks for your help!
You are welcome. Have a great day
You are welcome.
Have a great day
Hi. I just received an invoice for a cell phone contract I never opened.
Hi.
I just received an invoice for a cell phone contract I never opened.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with this contract
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's the cell number associated with this contract
3187664545
The contract is under the name John Smith. Do you know that person?
The contract is under the name John Smith.
Do you know that person?
Never heard of him
Okay.
We have suspended the account
Great
the investigation process normally is complete within 24hours if we are unable to resolve this we will gladly pay for you package to be replaces
Sorry... If there's any other information the investigative team will reach out to you.
Sorry...
If there's any other information the investigative team will reach out to you.
Have a great day
Hi. It looks like our food account w you got hacked while we were out of town this weekend
Hi.
It looks like our food account w you got hacked while we were out of town this weekend
Someone ordered 100 bucks worth of food
I can look into this for you. What's your account number
I can look into this for you.
What's your account number
Account is 715553
We're really good customers but we haven't ordered since March 4
I see that you are very loyal customers, the company doesn't normally give refunds on online orders but let me speak to my supervisor.
Yeah thanks for at least asking
I have been authorized to refund the full amount.
Nice!
You rock
I strongly suggest that  you change your password and user name.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Already have
Thanks so much
you're welcome, have a great day
Hello.  Not sure which department I need to talk to but I got a cellphone service invoice in the mail from you folks
Hello.
Not sure which department I need to talk to but I got a cellphone service invoice in the mail from you folks
And I don't have service w you
Never signed up for anything at all
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with the contract
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's the cell number associated with the contract
The phone number for this is 773-819-5711
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
Not even sure what area code that is
Address is mine tho which is weird
I see that the name on the contract is John Smith. Do you know that person
I see that the name on the contract is John Smith.
Do you know that person
That's not me
I'm Phil Cardwell
Okay. I've suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
Okay.
I've suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
Thanks
If the security team needs any other information, they will reach out to you directly.
Ok
is there anything else i can help you with today
No thanks for the help
Appreciate it
you are welcome
Hey, I just received an invoice in my mail from you guys but the account number listed on the invoice isnt mine and the contract does not look familiar. Can you help me find out what this is?
Hey, I just received an invoice in my mail from you guys but the account number listed on the invoice isnt mine and the contract does not look familiar.
Can you help me find out what this is?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's the cell number associated with the contract
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's the cell number associated with the contract
5404195660
thank you for that information, give me a moment to look into it
Okay, take your time
I see that the name on the contract is John Smith. Do you know that person
I see that the name on the contract is John Smith.
Do you know that person
I do not.
Okay. I've suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
Okay.
I've suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
Okay, thank you for your help
If the security team needs any other information, they will reach out to you directly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Okay. I will try and keep in contact with them if they contact me.
Okay.
I will try and keep in contact with them if they contact me.
Thank  you. Have a great day
Thank  you.
Have a great day
No that is all, thank you
You too
I just opened my mailbox and found an invoice for a cellphone company. I never even opened their contract!! Please cancel this!!!
I just opened my mailbox and found an invoice for a cellphone company.
I never even opened their contract!!
Please cancel this!!
!
Let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the cellphone number on the invoice?
Ok
7457744
Let me quickly pull up your records
Ok
The contract name is John Smith. Do you know this person?
The contract name is John Smith.
Do you know this person?
No!!
No!
!
Okay, I've suspended the number.
Ok thanks!!
Ok thanks!
!
I have also logged a ticket of inquiry with our security team. They will reach out to you directly should they need any other information
I have also logged a ticket of inquiry with our security team.
They will reach out to you directly should they need any other information
Ok awesome!
is there anything else i can help you with today
You too.
Are you struggling to see thing? That you are re sending the messages?
Are you struggling to see thing?
That you are re sending the messages?
I got your notification and read the message through the notification, but none of the conversation is showing up here anymore. My messages just disappear after I send them as well.
I got your notification and read the message through the notification, but none of the conversation is showing up here anymore.
My messages just disappear after I send them as well.
This is known bug, We still in the process of fixing it. Please for now just complete close the app and restart it.
This is known bug, We still in the process of fixing it.
Please for now just complete close the app and restart it.
Ah, that fixed it. I see the messages now.
Ah, that fixed it.
I see the messages now.
Okay great.
Thanks for your help.
No problem
I'm trying to pay my power bill online but I am locked out of my account because I think I put in the wrong password
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your account number?
54356
for verification please provide the last 4 numbers of your social security number and date of birth
4634 01/01/1923
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
Ok
I have created a temporary password.
Ok. I should log in with that password?
Ok.
I should log in with that password?
You will receive instructions via email to reset it.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Nope that's all. Thanks.
Nope that's all.
Thanks.
you welcome, have a great day
I recently bought a dining table. Upon inspection, it looks like it's the wrong table. I was hoping I could get an exchange for the correct table
I recently bought a dining table.
Upon inspection, it looks like it's the wrong table.
I was hoping I could get an exchange for the correct table
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number
It's 856432
I see you ordered the 42" round Oak table. What did you receive?
I see you ordered the 42" round Oak table.
What did you receive?
I received a square oak table
Okay, I see where we made the error. I can have a table to you by the end of the day. Does that work for you
Okay, I see where we made the error.
I can have a table to you by the end of the day.
Does that work for you
Great that's excellent. That works for me
Great that's excellent.
That works for me
I'm happy we were able to resolve that issue. They will take the wrong table back with them.
I'm happy we were able to resolve that issue.
They will take the wrong table back with them.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Sounds good, that'll be everything
You are welcome
Hi I hope someone there can help w my electricity acct? Was trying to remember my password to pay my bill online and it locked me out
Hi I hope someone there can help w my electricity acct?
Was trying to remember my password to pay my bill online and it locked me out
I think it was like four times
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
643288753
for verification please provide the last four digits of your SS# and email
7133
Thx for the help
I have set up a temporary password. You will receive instructions to set a new password up shortly.
I have set up a temporary password.
You will receive instructions to set a new password up shortly.
Ok just got email from you
Great.
Thanks looks like I'm in
is there anything else i can help you with today
Nope
Thanks!
have a great day
I received a shipping notice that my new modem was delivered but when I got home from work I can't find it anywhere.
Can you help me with this?
I'm happy to Help you with this. What's the order number
I'm happy to Help you with this.
What's the order number
466445
for verification please provide the last 4 digits of your SS# and date of birth
4653 05/23/1964
Thank you. I see that it was delivered in error. We will have a new one overnighted.
Thank you.
I see that it was delivered in error.
We will have a new one overnighted.
Ok cool. Thanks.
Ok cool.
Thanks.
you are welcome.
is there anything else i can help you with today
That should do it
have a great day
I tried to login to my online account to pay my electricity bill but after attempting to log in my account four times the system has locked me and I am unable to unlock it. I would like you to help me on this
I tried to login to my online account to pay my electricity bill but after attempting to log in my account four times the system has locked me and I am unable to unlock it.
I would like you to help me on this
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your account number
My username is somesh1234 and my password is abcxyz
Okay, I have set a new temporary password.
Ok that is great
You will receive an email with instructions to reset it
Ok
is there anything else i can help you with today
No that will be all
Thank you
you are welcome
My cell service just stopped working suddenly. I'm currently on wifi. I was wondering what the issue is
My cell service just stopped working suddenly.
I'm currently on wifi.
I was wondering what the issue is
I'm happy to look into this.
what is your cell number
Thanks
It's 6304405545
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
Hmm, I'll have to make another payment then
would you like me to put the payment through for you?
Sure
Okay, I did it and it went through. Your confirmation # is 9545585.
Okay, I did it and it went through.
Your confirmation # is 9545585.
is there anything else i can help you with today
No that'll be everythig
Have a great day
Hey. I was just out having lunch and got a text from FedEx saying they dropped off the modem I ordered from you at my door
Hey.
I was just out having lunch and got a text from FedEx saying they dropped off the modem I ordered from you at my door
Just got home and it isn't here
Kinda why I checked the sign on delivery box when I ordered!
Any help?
I'm am happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I'm am happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number?
The order # is 21790768
I see that they did deliver it in error. I can have another one overnighted to you.
I see that they did deliver it in error.
I can have another one overnighted to you.
Yes thanks
Okay. I will have put that request through. Is there anything else I can help you with
Okay.
I will have put that request through.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Ok
And new modem on the way?
Yes, that's correct.
Thx
Appreciate it
have a great day
My internet has been really slow for the past week. Can you help me fix this so I can stream Hulu again?
My internet has been really slow for the past week.
Can you help me fix this so I can stream Hulu again?
I can help you with this. What's your account number
I can help you with this.
What's your account number
35355
Let me look into this for you.
have you tried restarting your system
Yes, it didn't help
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in your area
Ok
Yes, I see there's an outage in your area. The technician says it should be resolved within the hours
Yes, I see there's an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hours
hour
Ok thanks.
you are welcome is there anything else i can do
No hopefully that should solve my problem
Okay great. Have a good dayh
Okay great.
Have a good dayh
I have been trying to pay my electric bill online but after 4 attempts to log in I was locked out! Can you help me fix this?
I have been trying to pay my electric bill online but after 4 attempts to log in I was locked out!
Can you help me fix this?
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your account number
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your account number
57732357
for verification please provide your email address and date of birth
Liz@gsnail.com DOB 12/30/75
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
Ok
I Have set up a temporary password. You will receive an email with instructions to reset it.
I Have set up a temporary password.
You will receive an email with instructions to reset it.
Ok thanks!
have a great day
I think my online food ordering account has been hacked. Someone was able to access my account and make 100 dollars in orders. I've been a loyal customer for years and I'd like this issue resolved
I think my online food ordering account has been hacked.
Someone was able to access my account and make 100 dollars in orders.
I've been a loyal customer for years and I'd like this issue resolved
I'm sorry to hear you had that issue What's your account number
It's 64632
i see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
Well, I would like the issue resolved. I didn't make the order.
Well, I would like the issue resolved.
I didn't make the order.
you are a loyal customer so i am authorized to credit your account the 100
Great that would be great
is there anything else i can help you with today
Have a great day
Hi I was trying to log in and pay my electricity bill but I think I locked myself out with incorrect passwords.
I can help you with this. What's  your account number
I can help you with this.
What's  your account number
367263
for verification please provide your  birth and email
Sept 7 1983.   Gfoppl@gmail.com
Sept 7 1983.
Gfoppl@gmail.com
Thanks.
i have reset your account you will receive instructions to reset via email
Okay thanks let me try
Okay that worked.  Thank you!
Okay that worked.
Thank you!
Great.
is there anything else i can assist you with
No that's it thank you.
you are welcome
Hello. I've been locked out of my electric account. Need to get in and pay my bill
Hello.
I've been locked out of my electric account.
Need to get in and pay my bill
I can help you with this. What's your account number
I can help you with this.
What's your account number
476457
for verification please provide your email address and date of birth
Gh57@aol.com
May 30 1978
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it
Ok
i have reset your account you will receive instructions to reset via email
Great
is there anything else i can help you with today
That's it
have a great day
I need some help. Internet has been sloooooow all week
I need some help.
Internet has been sloooooow all week
Today it's so slow I can't even stream spirit
Spotify
i can assist you with this problem
what is your account number
40916288539
have you tried rebooting the system if not do so now
Let me try
Hold on
Ok already seems faster
Let me try to stream YouTube
Ok def working right
Okay, that's great. I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly.
Okay, that's great.
I'm glad we were able to resolve it quickly.
is there anything else i can help you with today
No
Thanks for the tip
you are welcome, have a great day
I purchased a modem online and today I got an email that the package was at the front door. When I got home there was no package! This was supposed to only be left with a signature!
I purchased a modem online and today I got an email that the package was at the front door.
When I got home there was no package!
This was supposed to only be left with a signature!
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue.
What's your order number?
68425785
i do see that unfortunately the package was left at the door i will open a ticket for further investigation.
I will also overnight a new modem to you.
Ok sounds good!
is there anything else i can help you with today
Nope
have a great day
I ordered a book shelf from you and when I was putting it together I realized it's missing a shelf. Can you send out the missing part?
I ordered a book shelf from you and when I was putting it together I realized it's missing a shelf.
Can you send out the missing part?
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your order number?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your order number?
454345
You ordered the oak 5- shelf bookshelf?
I did and I only have 4 shelves
Okay. I will overnight a shelf to you. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Okay.
I will overnight a shelf to you.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Ok thanks.
is there anything else i can help you with today
Nope that's it
have a great day
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem. Earlier today while I was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door. Upon arriving home my package was missing. I looked online and saw I explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package. I would like you to help me on this
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem.
Earlier today while I was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door.
Upon arriving home my package was missing.
I looked online and saw I explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package.
I would like you to help me on this
I'm happy to look into this for you. What' the order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What' the order number?
My address is 775 New York and order no. Is 546378
My address is 775 New York and order no.
Is 546378
Okay. Thanks.
Okay.
Thanks.
please stand by while i research this
i see that we did deliver it in error,  i will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact y ou
I will also overnight a new modem to you
Ok that will be nice
grea, is there anything else i can help you with
No that will be all
have a great day
My internet has been really slow for a week! Why???
My internet has been really slow for a week!
Why??
?
i can assist you with this problem
What's  your account number
Ok
43574338
have you tried restarting your system
Yes
Okay. I see that you currently have 10 active users on your account.
Okay.
I see that you currently have 10 active users on your account.
Really! I shouldn't!!?
Really!
I shouldn't!!
?
i suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Ok I will!
is there anything else i can help you with today
Hi I ordered a modem recently online. It said it was delivered today but when I got home it wasn't there. Nobody was home so I don't know how it was signed for. Can you help?
Hi I ordered a modem recently online.
It said it was delivered today but when I got home it wasn't there.
Nobody was home so I don't know how it was signed for.
Can you help?
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's the order number?
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue.
What's the order number?
374863
i see that we did deliver it in error, I will open an investigation and someone from that team will contact you if they need any information.
I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
Awesome thank you!
You are welcome. And, sorry for any inconvenience.
You are welcome.
And, sorry for any inconvenience.
No problem.
Have a great day
Hi. We ordered the 5 high oak bookshelf from you and just got it delivered and it's missing one entire shelf piece
Hi.
We ordered the 5 high oak bookshelf from you and just got it delivered and it's missing one entire shelf piece
i am sorry for the inconvenience. What's your order number?
i am sorry for the inconvenience.
What's your order number?
Order is 61876638916
Okay, I will have a shelf overnighted to you.
Thanks
is there anything else i can help you with today
No
Thanks for the help
you are welcome
Hi. The internet modem I ordered should have required a signature upon delivery. I got notice it was delivered but I do not have it
Hi.
The internet modem I ordered should have required a signature upon delivery.
I got notice it was delivered but I do not have it
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue. What's  your order number
I'm sorry to hear you had this issue.
What's  your order number
577557
I see they delivered it without the signature in error.
Ok
I will overnight another modem to you.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience
Perfect
Thank you and sorry for the inconvenience.
It's ol
have a great day
No
have a great day
I got an unexpected invoice today for a cellphone contract I never opened. I'd like to cancel the contract and figure out why this happened
I got an unexpected invoice today for a cellphone contract I never opened.
I'd like to cancel the contract and figure out why this happened
What's the cell number associated with the contract'
It's 6304405545
I see the contract is under the name John Smith. Do you know this person?
I see the contract is under the name John Smith.
Do you know this person?
I don't
Okay, I have suspended the number and logged a ticket for an investigation.
Great, thanks for your help
If the security team has any questions they will reach out to you directly.
Sounds good
is there anything else i can help you with today
No that'll be everything
have a great day
My internet is really slow and the problem began like a week ago. It is so bad that I was unable to even stream anything . I would like you to help me on this
My internet is really slow and the problem began like a week ago.
It is so bad that I was unable to even stream anything .
I would like you to help me on this
What's your account number. I will be happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number.
I will be happy to look into this for you.
My account number is 537385449
have you tried restarting your system
No I haven't done it yet
Please try that first.
Okay. I just did that and it seems to work properly now
Okay.
I just did that and it seems to work properly now
Thanks for the assistance
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved.
Great.
I'm glad it was easily resolved.
is there anything else i can help you with today
No that will be all
have a great day
I ordered a bookshelf that was supposed to have 5 shelves. When I put it together there was only 4!! Please fix this!
I ordered a bookshelf that was supposed to have 5 shelves.
When I put it together there was only 4!!
Please fix this!
What's your order number? I'll be happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number?
I'll be happy to look into this for you.
634674357
I see that we actually sent you a 4-high book shelf. Have you started building it yet?
I see that we actually sent you a 4-high book shelf.
Have you started building it yet?
Yes I didn't know until I put it together...
Okay. You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-high
Okay.
You can keep that one and we'll overnight the 5-high
Oh thanks! Sounds great!
Oh thanks!
Sounds great!
sorry for any inconvenience,  is there anything else i can assist you with
No that's all thanks!
have a great day
Thanks!
you are welcome
Hi. My high speed internet had been acting like dial up speeds this week
Hi.
My high speed internet had been acting like dial up speeds this week
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number
368558
have you tried restarting your system
Yes many times
Okay, let me pull up your account
i see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem. are you aware of that?
i see that you have 10 active users associated with your modem.
are you aware of that?
Yes
Okay, you may want to upgrade to 5x speed to help with the overall speed of  your internet.
Great. I will update your account. The charge is $9.95 amonth. Do you approve this?
Great.
I will update your account.
The charge is $9.95 amonth.
Do you approve this?
Yes
You are all set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all
Have a great day
I have ordered a bookshelf online and upon trying to assemble it, I realise that there is a shelf missing. I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick up the bookshelf and replace it with a new one.
I have ordered a bookshelf online and upon trying to assemble it, I realise that there is a shelf missing.
I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick up the bookshelf and replace it with a new one.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order nubmer
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order nubmer
number
My order number is 4737466 and my address is 363 ,park ave, New York.
Okay, I see that you ordered the 5-high Bookshelf in oak.
Yes
Hmmm, it appears that we sent you out the 4-high. Since you already started build that one, please keep it and we'll overnight the 5-high to you
Hmmm, it appears that we sent you out the 4-high.
Since you already started build that one, please keep it and we'll overnight the 5-high to you
Ok that will be fine
Great and I apologize for the inconvenience.
is there anything else i can help you with today
No that will be all
okay, have a great day
Hi can you please help me troubleshoot my internet speed.  It has been really slow the past week.
Hi can you please help me troubleshoot my internet speed.
It has been really slow the past week.
I can't even stream videos anymore
Sure. I'll be happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
Sure.
I'll be happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
26353
have you tried restarting your system
Let me try that.
Okay, I will stand by
That seems to have made it better thanks so much.
Okay, great. I'm happy that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Okay, great.
I'm happy that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Me too thank you.
you are welcome
is there anything else i can help you with today
No that will be all thank you.
you are welcome
have a great day
Hello. The bookshelf I ordered arrived with a shelf missing
Hello.
The bookshelf I ordered arrived with a shelf missing
I'm sorry about that. I'm happy to look into this for you.
I'm sorry about that.
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's the order number?
568647
I see you ordered the 5-high Oak bookshelf
Yes
hmmm, it appears that we sent you the 4-high. Did you start building it yet?
hmmm, it appears that we sent you the 4-high.
Did you start building it yet?
Yes it's all together
Okay. You can keep that one and I will overnight the the 5-high to you.
Okay.
You can keep that one and I will overnight the the 5-high to you.
Awesome
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
Is
is there anything else i can help you with today
It's ok. Thanks for the help. That is all
It's ok.
Thanks for the help.
That is all
have a great day
You too
thank  you.
Hi I ordered a bookshelf from acme and while I was assembling it I noticed a shelf was missing.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number
Can you either send me the missing shelf or pick this one up and replace it?
748629
I see that you ordered the 5-high Oak shelf
Yes
I will over night the shelf to you.
Great thank you!
I'm sorry for any inconvenience.
have a great day
You too
Thank you.
I moved to a new apartment so I need to set up installation here and give you that new address
I'm happy to assist here. What's your new address?
I'm happy to assist here.
What's your new address?
151 Main Street. Orlando FL 32282
151 Main Street.
Orlando FL 32282
is there an apartment number
Yes apt 1166
Great, let me see if we service your area.
Ok
Yes, we do. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Yes, we do.
The next available appointment is March 12th.
Does that work for you?
Yes that will be good
Do you prefer morning or afternoon
Afternoon is good
Okay. You are confirmed for March 12th and the technician will be there between 2p and 6p
Okay.
You are confirmed for March 12th and the technician will be there between 2p and 6p
Ok great thanks
you welcome,  have a great day
None of the channels are working on my cable. Can you help me fix this?
None of the channels are working on my cable.
Can you help me fix this?
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you. When did the problem begin?
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
When did the problem begin?
Yesterday when I got home from work around 6
Have you tried restarting your cable box?
I did but it didn't help
let me look on the system if i there are any reported issues
Ok
i see there was a technical error reported we have sent out a technician
Ok thanks. So it should be fixed soon?
Ok thanks.
So it should be fixed soon?
Would you like mt to contact the technician to see how long it will take to solve the problem?
No that's ok. If it's not fixed by the end of the day I will contact you again
No that's ok.
If it's not fixed by the end of the day I will contact you again
Thank you for your patience. We hope to have the issue resolved as soon as possible.
Thank you for your patience.
We hope to have the issue resolved as soon as possible.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
Have a nice day.
I have recently moved to a new address and would like to place an order for a new installation as my new address does not have the required cabling
I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address.
My new address is 675, downtown, new york
Thank you for that information. Let me see if we service that area.
Thank you for that information.
Let me see if we service that area.
Yes, we do and you are correct. That building doesn't currently have wiring so you'll need to have a full installation. The install fee is $125.
Yes, we do and you are correct.
That building doesn't currently have wiring so you'll need to have a full installation.
The install fee is $125.
When can I expect it to be done ?
The next available day is March 12th. Does that work for you ?
The next available day is March 12th.
Does that work for you ?
Ok that will be fine
Morning or afternoon?
Morning
Great. You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
Great.
You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon
Thank you
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist  you with?
You are welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist  you with?
No that will be all
have a great day
I need to update my address and have an installation for internet scheduled.
Sure, I'm happy to help you with that. What's your new address?
Sure, I'm happy to help you with that.
What's your new address?
4357 cc road apt 56a, Jackson, MS
thank you for that information i need to make sure you area is serviceable standby
Ok
It is. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work?
It is.
The next available appointment is March 12th.
Does that work?
Perfecr
Great, morning or afternoon?
Morning
Very Good. You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon.
Very Good.
You are confirmed for March 12th between 9a and noon.
Have a great day.
Hello, I recently moved into a new apartment and I need to update my acct and schedule a new install
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your new address?
333 tree lane # 6 marysville WA 87678
Thank you for that information. I need to make sure you area is serviceable,standby.
Thank you for that information.
I need to make sure you area is serviceable,standby.
Ok
we do and the next available appointment we have is march 12th does that work
Yep!
Morning or afternoon?
Afternoon
Very good, you are confirmed for March 12th. The technician should be there between 1pm and 4pm
Very good, you are confirmed for March 12th.
The technician should be there between 1pm and 4pm
Ok thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Have a great day
None of my cable Tv channels are working. I would like you to assist me on this
None of my cable Tv channels are working.
I would like you to assist me on this
I'm happy to look into this for you. What is your account number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What is your account number?
My address is 663 , heavens road , new york
Thank you. Have you tried rebooting your system?
Thank you.
Have you tried rebooting your system?
No I haven't tried that yet
Please try that and let me know if it works
I just did it and all the channels are seem to be working now
Thank you
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved.
Great.
I'm glad it was easily resolved.
is there anything else i can help you with today?
No that will be all
Have a great day
None of my channels are working! Help!!!
None of my channels are working!
Help!!
!
Hi Harry, I'm sorry to hear that.
Me too!
I can definitely help you with this issue.
When did the problem begin?
This morning!
Have you had tried restarting your cable box?
Yes
Okay. Let me look to see if there are any reported technical issues with our system right now.
Okay.
Let me look to see if there are any reported technical issues with our system right now.
Ok
I am seeing here that our system is down for scheduled maintenance.
We hope to have the maintenance completed by this evening.
Ok
Sounds good!
Feel free to contact us if the issue isn't resolved by then.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Ok
No
Thank you for your patience, and have a nice day.
I have recently purchased tickets for the live performance and after completing the purchase online I realised that you have charged me double so I would like you to refund one of my transactions
I'm happy to look into that for you. What's your order number?
I'm happy to look into that for you.
What's your order number?
My account number is 3746646 and order number is 11234
Thank you. Let me review the order. Stand by
Thank you.
Let me review the order.
Stand by
I see that we did double bill you. I apologize for the error. I have corrected it and you should see the refund in two days.
I see that we did double bill you.
I apologize for the error.
I have corrected it and you should see the refund in two days.
Thank you that will be great
Thank you for your patronage. Because of our error we would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next purchase.
Thank you for your patronage.
Because of our error we would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next purchase.
That is very generous of you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
thanks. Have a great day.
thanks.
Have a great day.
I ordered tickets to a concert and see that I was charged twice
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
Ok thanks
What is the full name that the ticket order was placed under?
Bill smith
Okay, I am seeing that double charge.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I will authorize a refund now.
No worries. Can you refund that to my card?
No worries.
Can you refund that to my card?
You should see the refund within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Ok good deal thanks
Have a good day.
I purchased tickets to see Bon Jovi but I just saw I was charged twice! Can you fix this?
I purchased tickets to see Bon Jovi but I just saw I was charged twice!
Can you fix this?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's  your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's  your order number?
644635
I see the order and see that you have two seats in Row W - seats 12 and 13 and Row AA seats 4 and 5.
There should be only one!
Which Row did you order?
W
Okay, Let me see if there's anything I can do about the other tickets.
Ok
I can give you a credit for the price of the other tickets but I can give you a refund.
Ok that will work.
Great. I will put a credit for $100 on your account.
Great.
I will put a credit for $100 on your account.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with today
No
Have a great day>
I all of a sudden can't get any of my TV channels
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
4655
thank you for that information. Have you tried rebooting the system?
thank you for that information.
Have you tried rebooting the system?
No. Let me try
No.
Let me try
Didn't work
Okay, let me see if there are any problems in your area.
I see there is an outage nearby. The technician says is should be resolved in the next hour.
I see there is an outage nearby.
The technician says is should be resolved in the next hour.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today
That's all
Have a great day.
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight. The resort had no means of external communication, so I was unable to notify you and missed my flight and I would also like to know when the next flights are available
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight.
The resort had no means of external communication, so I was unable to notify you and missed my flight and I would also like to know when the next flights are available
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
Do you have your confirmation number for the flight you missed?
Yes my confirmation number is 37384688
I see your reservation. I can rebook you on flight 678 tomorrow morning at 9am, or on flight 65 tomorrow at 12:30pm.
I see your reservation.
I can rebook you on flight 678 tomorrow morning at 9am, or on flight 65 tomorrow at 12:30pm.
Which do you prefer?
I will prefer flight 65
I see that you are a gold member. Thank you for your loyalty.
I see that you are a gold member.
Thank you for your loyalty.
We will not be charging you for the rebooking.
Thank you that will be very nice
I will send you a confirmation using the same email you booked the original flight with. Is that okay?
I will send you a confirmation using the same email you booked the original flight with.
Is that okay?
Ya that is fine
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Good afternoon. We just moved over the weekend and I realized that our new apt isn't wired for internet at all
Good afternoon.
We just moved over the weekend and I realized that our new apt isn't wired for internet at all
We're a current customer and we'd like to stay w you in this area
If possible
Hi Dan, thanks for contacting us.
Also at least need to update billing
Would you please provide me with your new address details?
Sure.
9012 S Genessee St
Apt A
Fairfax VA 20156
Thanks. I have gone ahead and updated your billing address.
Thanks.
I have gone ahead and updated your billing address.
Thx
And, good news, we do provide service at your new location.
Great
Can we get an install this week
I took the week off to get moved in
Sure. Does Thursday between 12-4pm work?
Sure.
Does Thursday between 12-4pm work?
Yeah perfect
Putting it on my calendar
And, just to confirm, you will be home during that time, correct?
Yep
I'll be here
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks
Thank you! Have a great day!
Thank you!
Have a great day!
Hi, I have recently moved across the country. I need to update my and place an order for new installation. My building does not have proper wiring.
Hi, I have recently moved across the country.
I need to update my and place an order for new installation.
My building does not have proper wiring.
My address*
Good afternoon John, I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your new address?
Good afternoon John, I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your new address?
5611 Carlton way, Los Angeles ca 90028
Thank you. Let me see if we service your area.
Thank you.
Let me see if we service your area.
Ok
Okay, we do. The next available appointment is March 12th, does that work for you?
Okay, we do.
The next available appointment is March 12th, does that work for you?
Yes
Well actually I need one at the end of March
Okay, How is March 21st?
Like the 26 or so
Okay, I can have a technician there on March 26th. Morning or afternoo?
Okay, I can have a technician there on March 26th.
Morning or afternoo?
Afternoon
You are confirmed for March 26th. Please make sure someone is home between 9a and noon.
You are confirmed for March 26th.
Please make sure someone is home between 9a and noon.
Okay
Well thanks.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks
Have a great day.
I am on vacation and got snowed in here! I missed my flight. I need to get a new one please!
I am on vacation and got snowed in here!
I missed my flight.
I need to get a new one please!
Help!
Hi Harry, I'm sorry to hear that you missed the flight.
Thanks!
Would you please provide me with your original confirmation number for your missed flight?
64578434
Okay, I see that reservation in our system.
Ok
I can re-book you on flight 65 tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 32 tomorrow at 4pm? Which do you prefer?
I can re-book you on flight 65 tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 32 tomorrow at 4pm?
Which do you prefer?
65
Okay, great. And, I see you are a gold member. Thank you for your loyalty.
Okay, great.
And, I see you are a gold member.
Thank you for your loyalty.
I will be re-booking you free of charge.
Great!
A confirmation email will be sent to you using the email address on file.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I was stranded at my resort because of the snow storm which also knocked out the phones so I was unable to call in until just now. I missed my flight and need to find out when the next available one is
I was stranded at my resort because of the snow storm which also knocked out the phones so I was unable to call in until just now.
I missed my flight and need to find out when the next available one is
I'm sorry to see that you missed your flight. What's your flight number and last name?
I'm sorry to see that you missed your flight.
What's your flight number and last name?
Clinton 1176
Thank you. I have two options 4pm or 8p. Do either of those work for you?
Thank you.
I have two options 4pm or 8p.
Do either of those work for you?
Yea 4pm would be great.
Great. You are confirmed on flight 632. Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
Great.
You are confirmed on flight 632.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
I see it. Thanks
I see it.
Thanks
Have a safe flight.
Hi. I bought tickets to the Slayer concert and I was charged twice for the transaction
Hi.
I bought tickets to the Slayer concert and I was charged twice for the transaction
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear that.
Would you provide me with the confirmation number for your transaction?
5747857
I am pulling up the details of your order now.
Ok
I see the double charge on your account. I am refunding the card on file right now.
I see the double charge on your account.
I am refunding the card on file right now.
Great
You should see the refund within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it
Have a wonderful day!
Is this customer servic? I think our cable is out.
Is this customer servic?
I think our cable is out.
No channels at all
Just happened about five minutes ago
Hello?
Hi Dan, I'm sorry to hear that.
Have you tried restarting your cable box?
Let me try that
It's rebooting
Ok it looks like everything's back to normal
Great. If you experience the issue again, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Great.
If you experience the issue again, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Thanks will do
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
Thank you, and have a great day!
My cable channels aren't working. Is there something wrong?
My cable channels aren't working.
Is there something wrong?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
5619299322
thank you for that information. Let me see if we service your area.
thank you for that information.
Let me see if we service your area.
We do. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
We do.
The next available appointment is March 12th.
Does that work for you?
To fix my channels? Is there nothing wrong with the service?
To fix my channels?
Is there nothing wrong with the service?
I'm sorry.
have you tried restarting your system
Okay no problem.
It's restarting
Let me know if that works.
Yes it seems to be working now
Great. I'm glad that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Great.
I'm glad that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks
No thanks
Have a great day.
Due to weather I missed my flight as I had difficulty leaving out resort which is under several feet of snow. Can u help me out with booking another flight today?
Due to weather I missed my flight as I had difficulty leaving out resort which is under several feet of snow.
Can u help me out with booking another flight today?
Hi John, I'd be happy to help you out today.
Would you please provide me with your confirmation number for the missed flight?
57479
Thanks.
It looks like I can put you on flight 32, leaving tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 53, leaving tomorrow afternoon at 5pm.
Which flight do you prefer?
Excuse me as I forgot to mention that there are no available flights out for the rest of today. I do apologize.
Excuse me as I forgot to mention that there are no available flights out for the rest of today.
I do apologize.
Hi John, are you still there?
I have bought tickets online to see a live performance. Looking over my credit statement it seems I was double charged.
I have bought tickets online to see a live performance.
Looking over my credit statement it seems I was double charged.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What' your order number and event name?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What' your order number and event name?
001342889 arty at the laugh factory
thank you for that information. Let me look into this. Stand by
thank you for that information.
Let me look into this.
Stand by
Thanks
I see that we did bill you twice. I will have the double bill refunded to you. You should see the credit within the next two days.
I see that we did bill you twice.
I will have the double bill refunded to you.
You should see the credit within the next two days.
Ok thank you it is very important that I get the money back promptly
Yes. I also see that you are a very loyal customer and order tickets off this site often. Because this was our error, I'd like to offer you a 20% discount off your next order. Please use code 20%.
Yes.
I also see that you are a very loyal customer and order tickets off this site often.
Because this was our error, I'd like to offer you a 20% discount off your next order.
Please use code 20%.
Thank you that will relieve the stress due to this issue
I'm happy that I was able to resolve this for you. Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
I'm happy that I was able to resolve this for you.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
No thank you
Enjoy your show!
Hi. I bought tickets this morning for the Wilco concert at Wolftrap on May 15
Hi.
I bought tickets this morning for the Wilco concert at Wolftrap on May 15
And I think I got charged twice
Hi Dan, I'm sorry to hear that.
Would you please provide with the confirmation number from your order?
Thanks.
I think the confirmation is 5275427AW
Okay, bear with me as I pull up your order details.
Thanks
I am seeing here that we did indeed charge you twice. I'm very sorry about that.
I am seeing here that we did indeed charge you twice.
I'm very sorry about that.
I will go ahead and refund the card that was made to use the original purchase.
You should see the refund on your statement within 2 business days.
Awesome
Thanks for the fix
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope!
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi I recently moved to a new apt and need to update my address.  Also the new address does not have the required cabling so I need help to get that installed.
Hi I recently moved to a new apt and need to update my address.
Also the new address does not have the required cabling so I need help to get that installed.
Good afternoon, Greg. I'm happy to assist you. What's your new address?
Good afternoon, Greg.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your new address?
45 hector ave. frog lake,ny 13742
Thanks for that information. Let me see if we service your area.
Thanks for that information.
Let me see if we service your area.
Yes, we do service your area. The next available appointment is March 12th. Does that work for you?
Yes, we do service your area.
The next available appointment is March 12th.
Does that work for you?
Yes it does thank you.
Morning or afternoon?
Afternoon would be preferable
You are confirmed for March 12th. Please have someone available between 2p and 6p.
You are confirmed for March 12th.
Please have someone available between 2p and 6p.
Will do.  I'll be here myself!
Will do.
I'll be here myself!
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
You are welcome.
Hi. We desperately need some help.  We got snowed in with that weekend blizzard
Hi.
We desperately need some help.
We got snowed in with that weekend blizzard
Completely missed our flight this am from Hartford to DC
No phone til just now
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's your flight number and last name?
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What's your flight number and last name?
Any way to get us home?
Flight was USAir 6471 to Dulles
7:20 departure this AM
I see that are two options 3pm and 8pm
We won't make it in time for the 3pm
Can you get us on the 8?
Sure I confirm you at 8pm. Flight 655.
Sure I confirm you at 8pm.
Flight 655.
Awesome
Didn't want to have to take the train
I'm happy we were able to get you a flight. Please check your inbox for flight confirmation.
I'm happy we were able to get you a flight.
Please check your inbox for flight confirmation.
Thanks again
You are welcome. Have a safe flight.
You are welcome.
Have a safe flight.
I need help please. I was snowed in at my lodge outside of Denver I was unable to inform you that I was going to miss flight. I was supposed to be on flight AC1023 to Miami. Can you make note of this and help my find the next available flight to south florida?
I need help please.
I was snowed in at my lodge outside of Denver I was unable to inform you that I was going to miss flight.
I was supposed to be on flight AC1023 to Miami.
Can you make note of this and help my find the next available flight to south florida?
Hi John, I am happy to assist you today.
Sorry to hear that you missed your flight. Let me look into rebooking you as soon as possible.
Sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
Let me look into rebooking you as soon as possible.
Thanks it has been a very trying few days. I can't wait to get home.
Thanks it has been a very trying few days.
I can't wait to get home.
I completely understand.
So when is the next available flight from Denver to Miami?
I can re-book you on a flight this evening, leaving Denver at 6:45pm. Does that work with your schedule?
I can re-book you on a flight this evening, leaving Denver at 6:45pm.
Does that work with your schedule?
Yes perfect
And, I see that you are gold member. Thank you for your loyalty. I will be re-booking you at no charge.
And, I see that you are gold member.
Thank you for your loyalty.
I will be re-booking you at no charge.
Thank you for understanding my circumstances.
A confirmation email will be sent to you with the email address we have on file.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
Have a nice day!
Hi none only tv channels are working right now can you please help?
*none of my tv channels
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number
636382
Thanks for that information.
have you tried restarting your system
No let me give that a shot
That seems to have fixed it. Thank you!
That seems to have fixed it.
Thank you!
Great. I'm glad it was easily resolved.
Great.
I'm glad it was easily resolved.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
I am trying to pay my electric bill but I can't log in. I got locked out after trying 4 times!
I am trying to pay my electric bill but I can't log in.
I got locked out after trying 4 times!
Hi Riley, I can assist you with getting back into your account.
Ok thanks!
Which username were you using?
Riley1
Please provide the full name, date of birth, and email account associated with the account for verification purposes.
Riley Smith, 03/07/85, rileycat&gsnail.com
Thank you. I have issued a password reset via email.
Thank you.
I have issued a password reset via email.
You should be receiving that email soon. It will have instructions regarding resetting your password.
You should be receiving that email soon.
It will have instructions regarding resetting your password.
Ok thank you!
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi I just purchased tickets to see kid rock and I realize you double charged me.  Can you please refunds one transaction?
Hi I just purchased tickets to see kid rock and I realize you double charged me.
Can you please refunds one transaction?
I'm sorry to see there is this issue. I'm happy to assist you. What's the order number?
I'm sorry to see there is this issue.
I'm happy to assist you.
What's the order number?
47263
Let me take a look at the order.
I see that you were double billed,  I will credit your account.  You should see the credit in two days.
I see that you were double billed,  I will credit your account.
You should see the credit in two days.
Great thanks so much!
I apologize for the error and inconvenience.
Have a great day.
Good morning! I have been trying to log on to pay my electricity bill, but I have bern locked out! Can you please assist?
Good morning!
I have been trying to log on to pay my electricity bill, but I have bern locked out!
Can you please assist?
Hi CJ, I am happy to help you resolve this issue.
What is your username for the account?
cjisdaman
Would you provide me with your full name, date of birth, and email address associated with the account for verification puproses?
Sure, CJ Smith, 4/1/76, cjsmith@gmail.com
Thanks. I have reset your password in our system.
Thanks.
I have reset your password in our system.
You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not today, thanks!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
I placed an order for a modem and got a message it was delivered to my door. When I got home it was gone! The package was supposed to require a signature!!!
I placed an order for a modem and got a message it was delivered to my door.
When I got home it was gone!
The package was supposed to require a signature!!
!
I am happy to look into this for you. What's the order number?
I am happy to look into this for you.
What's the order number?
676436
Thank  you for that information. Let me take a look. Standby.
Thank  you for that information.
Let me take a look.
Standby.
Ok
i see that it was delivered in error i will log a ticket of inquiry and resolve it as soon as possible.  In the meantime, I will overnight you a new modem.
i see that it was delivered in error i will log a ticket of inquiry and resolve it as soon as possible.
In the meantime, I will overnight you a new modem.
Oh ok thanks!
i apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i apologize for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all
Have a great day.
Hi I just wanted to let you know I missed my flight because i was snowed in at my holiday resort.  Can you let me know when another upcoming flight might be available for me to take?
Hi I just wanted to let you know I missed my flight because i was snowed in at my holiday resort.
Can you let me know when another upcoming flight might be available for me to take?
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's the flight number and last name?
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What's the flight number and last name?
4277 smith
Thanks. I have two options. 6p today with a layover and 8p direct. Do any of those work for you>
Thanks.
I have two options.
6p today with a layover and 8p direct.
Do any of those work for you>
Let's do the 8pm direct.   I hate layovers
Let's do the 8pm direct.
I hate layovers
No problem. You are confirmed for 8pm flight 695.
No problem.
You are confirmed for 8pm flight 695.
please check your email now for the flight information
I got the confirmation thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. Have a safe flight.
You are welcome.
Have a safe flight.
Hi! I had a package delivered to my house today, but when I got home it seems the package has disappeared. I did receive confirmation of its delivery. Can you help?
Hi!
I had a package delivered to my house today, but when I got home it seems the package has disappeared.
I did receive confirmation of its delivery.
Can you help?
I'm happy to look into this for  you. What's your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for  you.
What's your order number?
551326
Thank you. Let me look into this for you.
Thank you.
Let me look into this for you.
I see that the person who signed for it was John Smith. Do you know this person?
I see that the person who signed for it was John Smith.
Do you know this person?
No I do not
Okay. I will overnight you a new modem. I will log a ticket for inquiry with the delivery company.
Okay.
I will overnight you a new modem.
I will log a ticket for inquiry with the delivery company.
Excellent, thank you!
Sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you for your help
You are welcome. Have a great day.
You are welcome.
Have a great day.
My internet has been really slow the past week! I can't do anything! What's going on?
My internet has been really slow the past week!
I can't do anything!
What's going on?
Hi Riley, I'm sorry to hear that.
When did the speed problem begin?
Thanks!
Last week!
Have you tried resetting your modem/router?
Yes many times!
Okay, when was the last time you changed your password on modem/router?
Never
Okay, give me a minute while I pull status information from your device.
Ok
It looks like there are over 10 active users logged on to your internet account.
Oh wow!
What do I do?
I will send you an email now with instructions on how to set a password.
Ok thanks!
If you still experience problems after setting a password, please contact us.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok
No
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
I was trying to login to my online account to pay my electricity bill but after attempting to log in to my account for four times the system locked me out and I am unable to get it unlocked. I would like you to assist me in this
I was trying to login to my online account to pay my electricity bill but after attempting to log in to my account for four times the system locked me out and I am unable to get it unlocked.
I would like you to assist me in this
Hi Somesh, I am happy to help you resolve this issue.
What is the username associated with the account?
My username is somesh5678
Would you please provide me with your full name, date of birth, and email account so that I can verify your account?
Is that necessary ?
Do you remember your unique pin code that you use to set up the account?
Yes it is 5467
Great. I have just reset your password.
Great.
I have just reset your password.
Thank you
You should receive an email with instruction on how to create a new password.
Yes I just did
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I ordered a bookshelf online but when I went to put it together there were only 4 shelves! It's supposed to have 5!!
I ordered a bookshelf online but when I went to put it together there were only 4 shelves!
It's supposed to have 5!
!
I'm sorry to hear that. What's your order number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your order number?
634674
I see that you ordered the 5-high Oak Bookshelf?
Yes
It seems that we sent out the 4-high to you. Since you already started putting it together, you can keep that one and we''l overnight the correct one.
It seems that we sent out the 4-high to you.
Since you already started putting it together, you can keep that one and we''l overnight the correct one.
Oh cool! Thanks!
Oh cool!
Thanks!
Sorry for any inconvenience. Is there anything else i can assist you with?
Sorry for any inconvenience.
Is there anything else i can assist you with?
No
Aaargh! My internet has slowed way down. The problem started about a week ago and has gotten progressively worse. Can you help?
Aaargh!
My internet has slowed way down.
The problem started about a week ago and has gotten progressively worse.
Can you help?
Hi CJ, I would be happy to help you out today.
I'm sorry you are experiencing trouble with your service.
Have you tried resetting your modem yet?
Its ok, just want to stream my shows! Yes I did already try that
Its ok, just want to stream my shows!
Yes I did already try that
Alright, let me pull up the status information from your modem quickly.
It looks like 10 other users are currently using your modem for an internet connection.
Oh no!
I just sent you an email with instructions on how to set/reset a password for your router.
Ok
If that solution does not improve your internet speed, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Not today, thanks!
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day.
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem. Earlier while I was at work I received a notice that modem was delivered and left in front of my door. On arriving home my package was missing and I have looked online and saw I explicitly said you require a signature when delivering the package. I would like you to help me on this
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem.
Earlier while I was at work I received a notice that modem was delivered and left in front of my door.
On arriving home my package was missing and I have looked online and saw I explicitly said you require a signature when delivering the package.
I would like you to help me on this
I'm happy to look into this for you. What is your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What is your order number?
My address is 546, new town, New York and my order number is 4735484
Okay, let me take a look.
I see that it was delivered without a signature in error. I will overnight a new modem to you.
I see that it was delivered without a signature in error.
I will overnight a new modem to you.
What I should do next ?
Nothing. I will log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery company..
Nothing.
I will log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery company..
Thank you
is there anything else i can help you with today
No that will be all
Have a great day.
Hello! I recently ordered a bookshelf from your company and have been struggling to assemble it. It seems there is a shelf missing!
Hello!
I recently ordered a bookshelf from your company and have been struggling to assemble it.
It seems there is a shelf missing!
Hi CJ, I am sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to resolve this issue with you.
Hi CJ, I am sorry to hear that.
I'd be happy to resolve this issue with you.
Let me pull up the details of your order now.
Ok
Just to confirm, you ordered 1 oak bookshelf?
Correct
I will send over a replacement shelf for the one that is missing.
Great, thank you!
And, for the inconvenience, I'd like to buy you a book to help fill the bookshelf.
Which book would you like sent over?
Awesome! How about the newest Stephen King novel?
Awesome!
How about the newest Stephen King novel?
You got it! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf, and you should be receiving both of those items shortly.
You got it!
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf, and you should be receiving both of those items shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not today, thanks so much!
My apologies again for the missing shelf. Have a great day!
My apologies again for the missing shelf.
Have a great day!
Hi I think I locked my account out. I was trying to pay my electric bill.
Hi I think I locked my account out.
I was trying to pay my electric bill.
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue today.
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that.
I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue today.
What is the username associated with the account?
Gratry783
And, for verification purposes, please provide the pin password for that username.
3928
Great. I have just reset your password.
Great.
I have just reset your password.
You will receive an email shortly on how to change it.
Ok let me try.
Is there anything else  can help you with today?
Great that worked. No thanks I am all set.
Great that worked.
No thanks I am all set.
Thank you, and have a nice day!
My internet speed is very low and the problem began like a week ago. It is so bad that I am unable to even stream anything. I would like you to assist me on this
My internet speed is very low and the problem began like a week ago.
It is so bad that I am unable to even stream anything.
I would like you to assist me on this
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue.
Have you tried resetting your modem/router?
Yes but nothing changed
Okay, please hold while I pull up the status information on your modem.
It appears that 10+ users are using your modem right now.
Ok. I will disconnect them
Ok.
I will disconnect them
I am going to go ahead and reset  your password.
Ok
Please stand by for an email on how to proceed.
I got it
Did changing your password resolve your speed issues?
Yes it did
Than you
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a great day!
Hi I ordered a modem online the other day. When I was at work it said it was delivered even though nobody was home to sign for it.  I got home and the package was not there.  Can you please assist?
Hi I ordered a modem online the other day.
When I was at work it said it was delivered even though nobody was home to sign for it.
I got home and the package was not there.
Can you please assist?
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to look into this for you.
I'm not seeing a note from the delivery agent, other than that is was delivered.
Please verify the delivery address for me?
45 green at albany ny 10422
I definitely didn't pick it up and I live alone so I think someone stole it.
I understand. I am going to open a ticket inquiry so that we can further investigate what happened.
I understand.
I am going to open a ticket inquiry so that we can further investigate what happened.
The investigation process takes about 24 hours.
Okay great thank you for your help
If you don't hear back from us by tomorrow night, please contact us again.
Will do thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I have ordered a bookshelf online and on trying to assemble it I realised that there is a shelf missing. I would like you to either send the missing shelf or pick up this bookshelf and deliver a new one.
I have ordered a bookshelf online and on trying to assemble it I realised that there is a shelf missing.
I would like you to either send the missing shelf or pick up this bookshelf and deliver a new one.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that your bookshelf is missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I see that you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
Yes
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately.
Ok that will be great
And, for the inconvenience, I'd like to send over a free book for your troubles.
Which book would you like?
Do you have Harry Potter ?
Yes, we do. I'll have that book sent over along with the shelf.
Yes, we do.
I'll have that book sent over along with the shelf.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi
I was trying to pay my electric bill online and couldn't remember my password
System locked me out after four tries
Hi Will, I can help you resolve this issue.
Just want to get in and post payment for last month
I understand. What is the username associated with the account?
I understand.
What is the username associated with the account?
Wdcarson77 is the username
Thanks. Would you please provide the pin code use chose when signing up for the online account?
Thanks.
Would you please provide the pin code use chose when signing up for the online account?
7365
Also the acct number is 629976628 if that helps
Looking at my bill so that's on there
Great. I have reset your password. You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Great.
I have reset your password.
You should be receiving an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
Thanks for the help
Your welcome! Have a nice day!
Your welcome!
Have a nice day!
I have been locked out of my online account. I tried to log on to pay my electric bill and after four attempts I have been locked out. I am using the right information.
I have been locked out of my online account.
I tried to log on to pay my electric bill and after four attempts I have been locked out.
I am using the right information.
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
9932452001
thank you for that information
to verify your identity please tell me your email address and zip code
Deezdabest@gmail.com 33071
Okay. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Okay.
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Thank you
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day.
I recently ordered a new modem online. The shopping look up says delivered and it should be here outside my door. But it is not. It says that a signature is required for delivery. What happened?
I recently ordered a new modem online.
The shopping look up says delivered and it should be here outside my door.
But it is not.
It says that a signature is required for delivery.
What happened?
I am happy to look into this for  you.
What's your order number?
555727243012
Thank you. Let me see what the issue was.
Thank you.
Let me see what the issue was.
I see that was delivered and left in error. I will overnight a new modem to you.
I see that was delivered and left in error.
I will overnight a new modem to you.
Okay
is there anything else i can help you with today
No thanks
have a great day
Hi. I ordered a new Motorola modem from you folks last week and specifically checked the box to require
Hi.
I ordered a new Motorola modem from you folks last week and specifically checked the box to require
Signature on delivery
Got a text from FedEx this AM that they left it at my door
Just checked on my lunch break and it's not there
Hi Will, I'd be happy to look into this matter for you.
Thanks
Would you please verify the delivery address?
3569 Western Trail Rd
Reston VA
Okay, I'm seeing that the package was indeed left at the door, as you were informed earlier.
I'm going to go head and open a ticket inquiry so that we can further investigate what happened.
It's definitely not here
Thanks
The investigation process usually takes 24 hours.
Ugh ok
If you have not heard from us in the next day or so, please follow up with a service representative.
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with today>
No
Again, my sincere apologies. Have a nice day.
Again, my sincere apologies.
Have a nice day.
Hi my internet speed has been really slow for the past week can you please help me troubleshoot?
Sure. I'm happy to help.
Sure.
I'm happy to help.
What's your account number
2627382
Thank  you.
have you tried restarting your system
No let me try that.
That seem to have worked.  Thanks for the help
That seem to have worked.
Thanks for the help
I am happy to have it easily resolved.
Hi. My internet speed has been horribly slow for the last week. I can't stream or do my work.
Hi.
My internet speed has been horribly slow for the last week.
I can't stream or do my work.
Hi Dee, I'm sorry to hear that.
Have you tried resetting your modem/router?
Yes a few days ago and it did not help. Should I try again?
Yes a few days ago and it did not help.
Should I try again?
No, that's okay. Let me look up the status information on your modem.
No, that's okay.
Let me look up the status information on your modem.
Okay
When was the last time you changed your password for the router you're using?
Never hehehe
Should I?
I'm seeing 10+ users logged on to your connection.
Hmm well that would explain it.
I will send you an email shortly with instructions on how to set your password.
Thank you
If, after setting your password, the speed issues continue, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I will.
No thanks
Great. Have a nice day!
Great.
Have a nice day!
Hi.  My internet is so slow right now at home!!!
Hi.
My internet is so slow right now at home!!
!
i can assist you with this. What's your account number?
i can assist you with this.
What's your account number?
Started seeming slow last week but now youtube videos don't even start
Acct is 177635288
have you tried rebooting the system
I rebooted the router
But not the modem
Will rebooting modem help?
You can try. It may.
You can try.
It may.
Ok restarting
did that help?
Yeah it did!
Also the yellow light on front is green now
Great. BTW - I took a look at your account and see that there area currently 10 active users. Did you know this?
Great.
BTW - I took a look at your account and see that there area currently 10 active users.
Did you know this?
No!
OMG
i suggest you change your password and reconnect all your devices
Going to change it right now
Very good. Is there any else I can do for you?
Very good.
Is there any else I can do for you?
No
Thanks for the help
You are welcome.
Me too thank you.
Hi I purchased a bookshelf online and as I was assembling I noticed that a shelf was missing.  Can you help me out?
Hi I purchased a bookshelf online and as I was assembling I noticed that a shelf was missing.
Can you help me out?
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to help you out with this issue.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your order now.
I see that you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
That is correct
I'm going to go ahead and place an order for a replacement shelf that should arrive shortly.
I'd also like to send over a book of your choice for the trouble you've incurred.
Please let me know which book you'd like?
How about idiocracy
*genorosity
You got it. The shelf and the book are on their way.
You got it.
The shelf and the book are on their way.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks so much.  No that was it
Thanks so much.
No that was it
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
You're welcome.
Have a nice day!
Hi, I recently attempted to log onto my account to pay my electric bill. I was unsucessful and now I'm locked out. Can you assist me?
Hi, I recently attempted to log onto my account to pay my electric bill.
I was unsucessful and now I'm locked out.
Can you assist me?
Sure, I'm happy to look into this. What' s yhour account number?
Sure, I'm happy to look into this.
What' s yhour account number?
It's 847321
Thanks.
to verify your identity please tell me your email and zip code
Great it's senorGains@yahoo.com and my zip is 60104
thank you for that information. I have reset your account with a temporary password. Look in your inbox for instrucions to reset.
thank you for that information.
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Look in your inbox for instrucions to reset.
Great thanks for your help!
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due. Would you like to take care of that now?
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due.
Would you like to take care of that now?
Sure, let's do that now
Okay. I'm putting $150 on your card associated with the bill.
Okay.
I'm putting $150 on your card associated with the bill.
Great, thank you
You are welcome.
I ordered an Acme bookshelf online. I am busy assembling it and there seems to be a shelf missing. I need either the part or a new bookshelf
I ordered an Acme bookshelf online.
I am busy assembling it and there seems to be a shelf missing.
I need either the part or a new bookshelf
Hi Dee, I'm sorry to hear that. Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Hi Dee, I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Okay
I see here that you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
Yes and the middle shelf. Part M is missing
Yes and the middle shelf.
Part M is missing
Okay, I've just put an order for a replacement middle shelf.
Thank you. When will it arrive?
Thank you.
When will it arrive?
For the inconvenience, I'd also like to include a book of your choice. Which book should we send over?
For the inconvenience, I'd also like to include a book of your choice.
Which book should we send over?
The encyclopedia of philosophy would be amazing.
You got it! The shelf and book should arrive next week.
You got it!
The shelf and book should arrive next week.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Again, sorry about the missing shelf. Have a nice day!
Again, sorry about the missing shelf.
Have a nice day!
Hi. My wife ordered a five high bookshelf last week
Hi.
My wife ordered a five high bookshelf last week
I'm unpacking it now and it looks like there's only four shelves???
I'm unpacking it now and it looks like there's only four shelves??
?
Hi Will, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf. Please hold while I look up the details of your order.
Hi Will, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I look up the details of your order.
The order # is 69176527-87
And the shelves are all part AS-455
Thanks for that info.
I will place an order for a replacement shelf now.
Thanks
I'd also like to include a book of your choice with that order for the inconvenience.
Yeah even assembly diagram shows five of them
Oh wow
If you're buying, I'd love a copy of Life Of Pi
You got it! The shelf and the book are on their way.
You got it!
The shelf and the book are on their way.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope we can get by with four shelves for a few days
Thanks again
You're welcome. Have a nice dayQ
You're welcome.
Have a nice dayQ
I recently placed an order for a new modem. I got notice today that it was delivered and a signature was required. I don't see the package anywhere!
I recently placed an order for a new modem.
I got notice today that it was delivered and a signature was required.
I don't see the package anywhere!
I am happy to look into this for you.  What's the order number?
I am happy to look into this for you.
What's the order number?
Its 84531
thank you for that information. let me look into that.
thank you for that information.
let me look into that.
Thank you
I see that it was inadvertently sent to you and left without a signature.
I will overnight another modem to you.
Oh no, thanks so much for you help
I've also logged a ticket with the delivery service to stop this from happening again.
Sounds great
sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you witl?
sorry for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you witl?
with?
No that will be everything
have a great day
My internet speed is currently very slow. I can't even stream video. Is there some current problem with the service?
My internet speed is currently very slow.
I can't even stream video.
Is there some current problem with the service?
Hi Matt, I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your internet service.
When did the problem begin?
It began a week ago
Have you tried restarting your modem/router?
No, not yet.
Try that, and let me know if you are still experiencing issues.
Great. That appeared to fix the speed issue
Great.
That appeared to fix the speed issue
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that'll be everythig
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful day!
I recently purchased a new dining table online and on its arrival I realised that you have send me the wrong table. I would like you to find out what happened with my order and send me the correct table.
I recently purchased a new dining table online and on its arrival I realised that you have send me the wrong table.
I would like you to find out what happened with my order and send me the correct table.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you received the incorrect table.
Can you describe the table you received?
It's a semi furnished table while I ordered a fully furnished table
Did the shipping label on the front of the box match your address?
I think I might have teared that up
Okay, no problem.
I'm going to replace the table for you.
Thank you very much
We will deliver the correct table, and pick up the incorrect one at the same time. What day/time is convenient for you?
We will deliver the correct table, and pick up the incorrect one at the same time.
What day/time is convenient for you?
Yes it is convenient for me
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I recently ordered a bookshelf but it appears one of the shelves is missing. Can a missing shelf be sent or will the bookshelf have to be picked up?
I recently ordered a bookshelf but it appears one of the shelves is missing.
Can a missing shelf be sent or will the bookshelf have to be picked up?
Hi Matt, I'm happy to help you resolve this issue. Sorry that you case is missing a shelf.
Hi Matt, I'm happy to help you resolve this issue.
Sorry that you case is missing a shelf.
Great, thank you
Please hold while I pull up your order in the system.
I see that you ordered 1 oak bookcase, is that correct?
Yep, that's correct
Great. A new shelf is on its way.
Great.
A new shelf is on its way.
And, for your troubles, I'd like to include a book of your choice with the order.
Which book would you like?
How about the new twilight novel. That's excellent
How about the new twilight novel.
That's excellent
You got it!
Both the book and shelf will arrive to your shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's everything
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi! I ordered a table online and was sent the wrong one! Can you help me?
Hi!
I ordered a table online and was sent the wrong one!
Can you help me?
Sure, I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your order number?
Thanks!
574345
Okay, I see that you ordered the Round 42" Oak dining table. What did you receive?
Okay, I see that you ordered the Round 42" Oak dining table.
What did you receive?
It is a square black table
I found your table. I will have it to you by the end of the day.  Does that work for you?
I found your table.
I will have it to you by the end of the day.
Does that work for you?
Yes perfect! What about the other table?
Yes perfect!
What about the other table?
Great. I'm happy we are able to resolve this issue quickly. They will take the table away when they deliver yours.
Great.
I'm happy we are able to resolve this issue quickly.
They will take the table away when they deliver yours.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ok no that's it!
You're welcome. Have a great day>
You're welcome.
Have a great day>
My cellphone service just stopped working any prior notice , it could not be a worse day as I have a lot of admin to sort out. I would like you to resolve a problem as fast as possible.
My cellphone service just stopped working any prior notice , it could not be a worse day as I have a lot of admin to sort out.
I would like you to resolve a problem as fast as possible.
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to get to the bottom of this issue for you.
Would you please verify your cell number?
It is 6735682516
Thanks. Please hold while I pull up your account.
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
I see that your last payment on the account was declined by  the bank.
What should I do next ?
Is it okay if I try to run your card again now for the payment?
Yes it's completely fine
It looks like the payment went through.
Your service should be active within 10 minues.
Ya I got my signal back
Thank you very much
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Great. Have a nice day!
Great.
Have a nice day!
My cellphone service just stopped with no notice! What's the deal???
My cellphone service just stopped with no notice!
What's the deal??
?
I'm sorry you're having that issue. What is your cell number?
I'm sorry you're having that issue.
What is your cell number?
675-453-5677
thank you. Let me take a look.
thank you.
Let me take a look.
i see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Ok
Would you like me to try and put it through again against the card on file?
Yes please!!!
Yes please!!
!
Stand by
Okay, I put it through and it was accepted. Your phone should be active again in about 10 minutes.
Okay, I put it through and it was accepted.
Your phone should be active again in about 10 minutes.
Oh awesome! Thanks!!!
Oh awesome!
Thanks!!
!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are welcome.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope
Have a great day.
Hello, i ordered a dinning table online but i received the wrong model. I ordered the black mahagony with 6 legs but i received the oak model with 4 legs.
Hello, i ordered a dinning table online but i received the wrong model.
I ordered the black mahagony with 6 legs but i received the oak model with 4 legs.
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table. I am happy to help resolve this issue for you.
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
I am happy to help resolve this issue for you.
Thank you
Did the delivery address on the shipping label match your address?
No
Its a different address from mine
Okay. I can have the correct table sent out tomorrow for you, and I'll be happy to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table.
Okay.
I can have the correct table sent out tomorrow for you, and I'll be happy to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table.
ThAnk you that Works
What day/time is convenient for you for the pick up?
6 pm
Tomorrow is fine
Great. I will schedule that in our system now.
Great.
I will schedule that in our system now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all
Thank you
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
You're welcome.
Have a nice day!
I went away for the weekend and my online food ordering acct was hacked! $100 was spent! How could this happen?? Please fix!!!
I went away for the weekend and my online food ordering acct was hacked!
$100 was spent!
How could this happen??
Please fix!!
!
Hi Tim, I'm sorry to hear your account was hacked.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your account.
Ok
I see you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
I see you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
Yes I am!
Although it's our policy not to refund accounts, I think we can help you today.
Ok thanks!!
Ok thanks!
!
My supervisor has just authorized me to refund your account.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Ok great!
No that's it thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Hello, i have a problem, my cellphone stopped working and i do not know why. Can you help me Find out why?
Hello, i have a problem, my cellphone stopped working and i do not know why.
Can you help me Find out why?
Hello Jose, I can assist you with this. What is  your cell number?
Hello Jose, I can assist you with this.
What is  your cell number?
456-4678765
Thank  you. Let me take a look.
Thank  you.
Let me take a look.
Thank you
Oh, I see that you made a payment on March 5th but it was declined. That's why your service was shut off.
Oh, I see that you made a payment on March 5th but it was declined.
That's why your service was shut off.
Ok can i use my card again?
Yes, I put it through again with the card on file.
it went through this time. You're  confirmation is4590305304
it went through this time.
You're  confirmation is4590305304
Thank you very much and i am Sorry for the inconvinience
Have a great day
You too.
I recently moved to a new apartment. Can I update my address on file and schedule an installation?
I recently moved to a new apartment.
Can I update my address on file and schedule an installation?
Hi Matt, I'd be happy to help you today.
Great!
Please provide with your new address.
It's 123 fake st, Chicago, il 60192
Thanks. I have updated the system with your new address.
Thanks.
I have updated the system with your new address.
It looks like your address is serviceable.
Can we do installation Wednesday between 12-4pm?
That would work for me
Great. Someone will be home during that time?
Great.
Someone will be home during that time?
Yes, I'll be home
We'll see you Wednesday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We'll see you Wednesday.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that'll be everything
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi. I ordered a new dining table last week but the one that just got delivered is the wrong table!
Hi.
I ordered a new dining table last week but the one that just got delivered is the wrong table!
This isn't what I ordered at all
I'm sorry to hear that. What  is your order number
I'm sorry to hear that.
What  is your order number
Order is 628652755
Okay. I see that you ordered the 42" round oak table. What did you receive?
Okay.
I see that you ordered the 42" round oak table.
What did you receive?
Yes this table is squared
Okay. I see the error in the delivery address. I can have it there for you by the end of the day, does that work for you?
Okay.
I see the error in the delivery address.
I can have it there for you by the end of the day, does that work for you?
Yes thank you
Great. They will also pick up the other table. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Great.
They will also pick up the other table.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Good
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks for the quick resolution
Sorry if I was cranky
No problem. Have a great day.
No problem.
Have a great day.
I recently went away for the weekend. When I came back I noticed that my online food ordering account has been hacked. The hacker made use of my account and ordered more than 100$ of food which was delivered to a local coffee shop. I would like to find out is there anything you can do about this
I recently went away for the weekend.
When I came back I noticed that my online food ordering account has been hacked.
The hacker made use of my account and ordered more than 100$ of food which was delivered to a local coffee shop.
I would like to find out is there anything you can do about this
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you out with this today.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
While it is our policy not to refund accounts, I think I can help you with this today.
So how can I cover this loss ?
My supervisor just authorized me to credit your account.
That will be great
Thank you very much
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
I opened my mailbox to find an invoice from a cellphone service. I never even opened the contract! Please fix this!
I opened my mailbox to find an invoice from a cellphone service.
I never even opened the contract!
Please fix this!
Hi Tim, I'd be happy to help you with this.
What is the cell phone number on the contract?
Thanks!
574-467-4653
Just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct?
Correct!
I have suspended the account and created a ticket for an investigation.
Ok thanks!
Have you seen any charges to any of your accounts?
No
Not yet
Someone from our company will contact you if more information is required on your end.
We hope to have this resolved soon.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Okay. Thanks for letting us know. Have a great day!
Okay.
Thanks for letting us know.
Have a great day!
Hello, i have a problem. I log today on my food account and i view that someone made a food order for 100 dollars
Hello, i have a problem.
I log today on my food account and i view that someone made a food order for 100 dollars
It was not me. I Think someone hacked my account
It was not me.
I Think someone hacked my account
Can you help me Find a solution?
I'm happy to look into this for you. What is your account number
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What is your account number
456-7755678
Thanks! I do see the charge.  You are such a loyal customer, I will credit yhour account.
Thanks!
I do see the charge.
You are such a loyal customer, I will credit yhour account.
Thank you very much for understanding
Of course. Thanks for your patronage.
Of course.
Thanks for your patronage.
Have a great day
You too.
None of my cable channels are working! Is there any way you can help me?
None of my cable channels are working!
Is there any way you can help me?
I can look into this for you. What's your account.
I can look into this for you.
What's your account.
It's 78312
have you tried restarting your system
No, I'll give it a try
yes, please do. I'll stand by
yes, please do.
I'll stand by
Great, it appears to be working again
Fantastic. I'm glad that we were able to resolve this quickly.
Fantastic.
I'm glad that we were able to resolve this quickly.
I see that  you have an outstanding payment due. Would you like to take care of that now with me?
I see that  you have an outstanding payment due.
Would you like to take care of that now with me?
Sure
I have put through the payment and it was accepted. Your confirmation # is 5454623879
I have put through the payment and it was accepted.
Your confirmation # is 5454623879
is there anything else i can help you with today
Great, thanks for your help. That'll be everythig
Great, thanks for your help.
That'll be everythig
Have a great day>
Hi I need some help.  I still have wifi access but my cell service is dead right now
Hi I need some help.
I still have wifi access but my cell service is dead right now
Is there a way to fix this quickly? I have so many calls to make yet today
Is there a way to fix this quickly?
I have so many calls to make yet today
Hi Mark, I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue.
Would you please verify your cell phone number?
703-965-2641
I have your account pulled up, and it looks like your last payment was declined.
Hmm
Is it okay if I try and run your card again?
Yes please
Not sure what happened
Okay, the payment just went through.
Your cell service should be back up within 10 mins.
Cool ok
Awesome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Alright. Thank you, and have a nice day!
Alright.
Thank you, and have a nice day!
On opening my mailbox I found an unexpected invoice from a cellular provider for a contract which I never opened. I would like you to cancel this contract.
On opening my mailbox I found an unexpected invoice from a cellular provider for a contract which I never opened.
I would like you to cancel this contract.
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you resolve this issue today.
Would you please provide the cell phone number on the contract?
My cell phone number is 8453802856
Sorry Somesh, not your number, but the one on the contract that you didn't open.
My cellphone company is at&t
Okay, I have suspended the account for the contract you didn't open.
Have you seen any charges to any of your accounts from this fraudulent contract?
No I haven't
I have created a ticket to further investigate this issue.
Thank you very much
Someone from our company will contact you if we require more information on your end.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention. Have a great day!
Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention.
Have a great day!
Hello, i have a problem. I receive an invoice for a contract that is not mine nor any member of my family
Hello, i have a problem.
I receive an invoice for a contract that is not mine nor any member of my family
I would like to cancel it
what is the cell number associated with that contract
453-1258373
Okay, I will take a look...
I see the contract was assigned to Jose Coppola. You didn't authorize this?
I see the contract was assigned to Jose Coppola.
You didn't authorize this?
No i did not
And Thats my name
please confirm that no one in your family authorized this contract
No one in my authorize this contract
Okay. Let me research this...
Okay.
Let me research this...
Ok
I see calls made from the town associate with your name but since you said that it is not yours, I will suspend the number.
Yes, it is not mine and i did not make the calls
i will also open an investigation into the matter which the fraud department will be handling they will make sure that this does not affect your credit or anything personally.
Thank you
I Will appreciate your extra effort
You're welcome. Have... a... great... day!
You're welcome.
Have... a... great... day!
You too
I recently bought concert tickets but just saw my card was double charged. I was hoping to get the extra charge removed
I recently bought concert tickets but just saw my card was double charged.
I was hoping to get the extra charge removed
Hi Matt, I'm sorry to hear you were double charged.
Please provide the confirmation number for your order.
It's 6742
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Great thanks
Please verify the name on the order.
It's Matt s
I do see that you were double charged. Again, I apologize for this.
I do see that you were double charged.
Again, I apologize for this.
That's alright
I am going to go ahead and refund the credit card we have on file.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No no that'll be everything
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Great.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi. We're regulars but we were away this last weekend.  It looks like someone hacked our acct and ordered like $100 worth of food on Saturday
Hi.
We're regulars but we were away this last weekend.
It looks like someone hacked our acct and ordered like $100 worth of food on Saturday
We haven't ordered anything since 3/04
I'm happy to look into this for  you What's  your account number
Our acct is 276528652
Under mark felder
Okay, let me take a look.
i see the charge,  unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
Ugh
Really
I do see that you are very loyal customers. I will speak to my supervisor.
I do see that you are very loyal customers.
I will speak to my supervisor.
I am authorized to give you the full refund.
Awesome
Thanks for lobbying for us
Also, we see that there has been a breach to our system. Our site security team is on it. I suggest that you change your password and username.
Also, we see that there has been a breach to our system.
Our site security team is on it.
I suggest that you change your password and username.
We will
Because of this we'd also like to offer  you a 20% discount on your next order.
Excellent
Please use code. 20%. Is there anything else I can help you With?
Please use code.
20%.
Is there anything else I can help you With?
No
Thanks so much
You are welcome. have a great day
You are welcome.
have a great day
I'm snowed in at my hotel and unfortunately I missed my flight. I was hoping to notify you and check when the next available flight is
I'm snowed in at my hotel and unfortunately I missed my flight.
I was hoping to notify you and check when the next available flight is
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's your flight number and last name?
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What's your flight number and last name?
It's 56421
Last name is johnson
Okay great... stand by
I see two options. One at 4pm with a layover and one at 6:30 direct. Do either of those work for you?
I see two options.
One at 4pm with a layover and one at 6:30 direct.
Do either of those work for you?
I can make the 630
Great. You are confirmed on flight 348 at 6:30. Please check your inbox for the flight confirmation
Great.
You are confirmed on flight 348 at 6:30.
Please check your inbox for the flight confirmation
Great, thanks!
You're welcome. Have a safe flight.
You're welcome.
Have a safe flight.
Hi.  Can someone there help me? I got an invoice from you for cell service in the mail
Hi.
Can someone there help me?
I got an invoice from you for cell service in the mail
I never started a contract w you
I'm locked into my current plan
Hi Mark, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the cell phone number on the invoice your received?
The number is 571-524-9012
And, just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct>?
No absolutely not
Okay, I have gone ahead and suspended the account.
I'm also creating a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Ok
Yeah I don't know what's up
Have you seen any charges on any of your accounts related to this invoice?
Going to check all my accounts
And get credit report now
That is a good idea.
Someone from our company will contact you if more information is required on your end.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused. Have a wonderful day!
Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused.
Have a wonderful day!
Hello. I received the wrong dining table from my order
Hello.
I received the wrong dining table from my order
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number?
5764
I see that you ordered the Oak 42" dining table. What did you receive?
I see that you ordered the Oak 42" dining table.
What did you receive?
Round glass table
Okay,I'm sorry that you had this issue. Let me look into this.
Okay,I'm sorry that you had this issue.
Let me look into this.
Ok
I see what happened and apologize for the inconvenience. I will have the table to you by the end of the day
I see what happened and apologize for the inconvenience.
I will have the table to you by the end of the day
Great
They will also pick up the table you have there now.
is there anything else i can help you with today
That's all
Have a great day
Hello, i tríed to log into my electricity account too many times and i was blocked. Can you help me regain access?
Hello, i tríed to log into my electricity account too many times and i was blocked.
Can you help me regain access?
Sure, I can help. What's your account number?
Sure, I can help.
What's your account number?
36738
to verify your identity please tell me your favorite color and answer the security question - what was the name of your best friend growing up.
Color is blue and Oliver is the name
Thank you for that information. I have reset the account with a temporary password. You'll receive an email with the details to reset it.
Thank you for that information.
I have reset the account with a temporary password.
You'll receive an email with the details to reset it.
I just reset my password
Okay great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thats all Thank you
Have a great day
Hi. My cell service has been out today
Hi.
My cell service has been out today
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your cell service.
Would you please verify your phone number for me?
3189763434
Thanks. I have your account pulled up.
Thanks.
I have your account pulled up.
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Can I run it again
Sure. Let me try now.
Sure.
Let me try now.
I have money on the account
Alright. It looks like the payment went through.
Alright.
It looks like the payment went through.
Great
Your service should be back up and running within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Sorry for the inconvenience, and have a nice day!
Hello, i have a problem. I bought an online modem and it was suppossed to be left on my door but it was not there. I know you require a signature. Can you help me Find it?
Hello, i have a problem.
I bought an online modem and it was suppossed to be left on my door but it was not there.
I know you require a signature.
Can you help me Find it?
I am happy to assist  you. What's the order number"
I am happy to assist  you.
What's the order number"
4583
Okay, let me take a look, please stand by
Ok
i see that the package was unfortunately delivered to your address. i will log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery company.
i see that the package was unfortunately delivered to your address.
i will log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery company.
I will also overnight a new modem to you.
Thank you very much for your support
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Who sign the receipt?
there was no signature the Delivery person left it at the door.
Ok
I Will wait for it tonight
The delivery company knows to make sure someone is there to sign for it.
Have a good evening.
Hi. My food account was hacked and a $100 purchase was made
Hi.
My food account was hacked and a $100 purchase was made
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear your account was hacked.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your  business!
I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your  business!
You're welcome. Enjoy doing business with you all
You're welcome.
Enjoy doing business with you all
Although we don't usually refund accounts per company policy, I believe we can help you out today.
Great
My supervisor has just authorized a refund for $100.
You should see that refund within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Again, sorry for the trouble. Have a great day!
Again, sorry for the trouble.
Have a great day!
Hello, i have a problem. My internet connection is very slow. Can you help me determine why?
Hello, i have a problem.
My internet connection is very slow.
Can you help me determine why?
yes, I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number"
yes, I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number"
6565
i see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem. Are you aware of that?
i see that there are currently 10 active users associated with this modem.
Are you aware of that?
No
Should i change my password?
Yes, I suggest that you change y our password. Don't forget to reboot all your devices.
Yes, I suggest that you change y our password.
Don't forget to reboot all your devices.
Ok. I Will change it and reboot too
Ok.
I Will change it and reboot too
That should help your speed issues. You can also upgrade to 5X faster speed. Would you like to do that for $9.95 a month?
That should help your speed issues.
You can also upgrade to 5X faster speed.
Would you like to do that for $9.95 a month?
Yes Please
Do you have my card info?
Okay, I have updated your account. I don't need to charge your card. It's on your monthly bill
Okay, I have updated your account.
I don't need to charge your card.
It's on your monthly bill
Ok Thats perfect
anything else for today
Thats all
Thank you
Have a good rest of you day.
Hi I rental purchased a new dining room table online.  It arrived today but it is not the table I ordered. Please send me the correct table.
Hi I rental purchased a new dining room table online.
It arrived today but it is not the table I ordered.
Please send me the correct table.
*recently
I will look into this for you. What's the order number?
I will look into this for you.
What's the order number?
are you still there
Yes sorry order number is 73862
i see you order the oak deluxe dining table. What did you receive?
i see you order the oak deluxe dining table.
What did you receive?
It was the standard edition not the deluxe i paid for
I'm sorry you didn't get the deluxe. I will have it out to you first thing in the morning. Does that work for you?
I'm sorry you didn't get the deluxe.
I will have it out to you first thing in the morning.
Does that work for you?
They will also pick up the one you received.
Okay sounds good I will be home.
Great. Have a good rest of your day.
Great.
Have a good rest of your day.
Hi. I received an invoice for a contract I didn't open up.
Hi.
I received an invoice for a contract I didn't open up.
Hi John, I'm sorry to hear about this.
Let me help get to the bottom of the issue.
Would you please provide the cell phone number on the invoice you received?
8645674545
And, just to confirm, you did not open up this account, correct?
Correct
Okay. I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Okay.
I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you noticed any charges to your account that are associated with the invoice?
No
Okay. That's good to hear.
Okay.
That's good to hear.
Someone from our team will be contacting you in the event that we need more information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Great.
Have a wonderful day!
Hello, i have a problem. I bought a bookshelf with 6 shelf but as i was looking all the pieces, i saw that 2 shelf are missing
Hello, i have a problem.
I bought a bookshelf with 6 shelf but as i was looking all the pieces, i saw that 2 shelf are missing
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing 2 shelves from your bookcase.
Please hold while I pull your account details.
Ok i Will hold
I see that you ordered the oak bookcase. Is that correct?
I see that you ordered the oak bookcase.
Is that correct?
Yes
Okay, great. I will go ahead and send out 2 replacement shelves for you.
Okay, great.
I will go ahead and send out 2 replacement shelves for you.
Ok. When should i expect them?
Ok.
When should i expect them?
I'd also like to send out a book of your choice for the inconvenience this has caused you.
You should expect the shelves next week.
Which book would you like me to send over?
The old Man and the sea by heminwhey
Great choice!
Both the shelves and the book are on their way.
Hemingway
Thank you very much for the gift
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thats all
Have a nice day!
Hi my cell phone service just stopped working without prior notice.  Can you please assist?
Hi my cell phone service just stopped working without prior notice.
Can you please assist?
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear your having trouble with your cell service.
Would you please verify your cell phone number for me?
5185272457
Please hold while I pull up the details of your account.
It looks like your last payment didn't go through.
Ok. Can you try running card again I was recently paid.  Sorry about that.
Ok. Can you try running card again I was recently paid.
Sorry about that.
Sure.
Alright, it looks like the payment went through.
Your service should be back up and running within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great thank so my service should work soon then?
Yes, it should be back up in the next 10 minutes or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thank you!
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
You're welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
Could you please help me? I really need to pay my electricity bill today, but my account is locked, from putting in the wrong password too many times.
Could you please help me?
I really need to pay my electricity bill today, but my account is locked, from putting in the wrong password too many times.
Hi Rachel, I'd be happy to help you with this issue.
What is the username associated with the account?
Rv89w
Great. Would you also provide the 4-digit security pin for this account?
Great.
Would you also provide the 4-digit security pin for this account?
0167
Okay, I have just reset your password.
Thanks!
You should be receiving an email soon with instructions on how to proceed.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi I was on vacation and I just came home and someone ordered $100 delivery to a coffee shop in my account.  It was not me. I was hacked. Can you please refund this charge for me?
Hi I was on vacation and I just came home and someone ordered $100 delivery to a coffee shop in my account.
It was not me.
I was hacked.
Can you please refund this charge for me?
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to assist you today.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
I see you are a very loyal customer. We appreciate your business.
I see you are a very loyal customer.
We appreciate your business.
Although we have a no refund policy, I think we might be able to help you today.
Okay great
My supervisor has just authorized a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Great thanks.
The refund should post to your card within 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it. You made my day thanks :)
No that's it.
You made my day thanks :)
You're welcome. Bye!
You're welcome.
Bye!
How can I get a missing piece? I was assembling my bookshelf I bought from you, and I'm missing a shelf :(
How can I get a missing piece?
I was assembling my bookshelf I bought from you, and I'm missing a shelf :(
Hi Rachel, I'm sorry to hear you are missing a piece from your bookshelf.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your order.
I see you ordered 1 oak bookshelf, is that correct?
Yes.
Okay. I will go ahead and send out a replacement shelf this afternoon. You should receive it early next week at the latest.
Okay.
I will go ahead and send out a replacement shelf this afternoon.
You should receive it early next week at the latest.
Yay!
And, for your troubles, I'd like to throw in a book of your choice with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
Could I have "Storm Front" by Jim Butcher?
I think this is super cool!
You got it!
Both the book and shelf will ship out today.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all :) Thanks!
Sorry again, and have a wonderful day!
Hi I just checked my mailbox and I have an invoice I was not expecting for a contract for a cell phone I never opened.  Can you please look into this for me and help me??
Hi I just checked my mailbox and I have an invoice I was not expecting for a contract for a cell phone I never opened.
Can you please look into this for me and help me?
?
Hi Greg, I would be happy to look into this for you.
What is the cell phone number on the invoice?
5185982457
And, just to confirm, you did not open this account? Correct?
And, just to confirm, you did not open this account?
Correct?
correct
Okay. I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Okay.
I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Have you noticed any charges to any of your accounts related to this invoice?
Just the one invoice in my mailbox
Nowhere else.
Good to hear. You're all set. Should we need any more information from you, a representative from our company will contact you.
Good to hear.
You're all set.
Should we need any more information from you, a representative from our company will contact you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay perfect thank you.
No I'm good
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
I've tried being patient, but I can't stand it anymore. My ACNE internet is just TOO SLOW!
I've tried being patient, but I can't stand it anymore.
My ACNE internet is just TOO SLOW!
Hi Rachel, I'm sorry to hear you are having internet trouble.
When did the speed problems begin?
It's been slow for an entire week. I can't even stream anything!
It's been slow for an entire week.
I can't even stream anything!
Have you tried restarting your modem/router?
A total of 13 times.
Okay. Please hold while I access your modem, and retrieve the status information from it.
Okay.
Please hold while I access your modem, and retrieve the status information from it.
Okay
It looks like 10+ users are using your internet connection.
When was the last time you changed your password?
I changed it about a month ago.
Okay, I have just reset your password again
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to proceed.
Thanks.
Please confirm that you have received the email.
I got it
Great, let me know if changing your password helps with the speed issues.
I got it. How can I stop people from using my internet? Just keep changing my password?
I got it.
How can I stop people from using my internet?
Just keep changing my password?
Yes, it is recommended that you change your password often to protect you other users logging on to your modem.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all.
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
I have been trying to log in to pay my electricity bill but was just locked out
Hi Jeramey, I'm sorry to hear your having trouble logging on to your account.
What is the username associated with the account?
Jmoney
Thanks. Please wait while I pull up your account details.
Thanks.
Please wait while I pull up your account details.
Thank you
Would you please provide me with the 4-digit security pin used when registering your online account?
2008
Thanks. I have reset your password. You should receive an email shortly with instructions on changing your password.
Thanks.
I have reset your password.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on changing your password.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
You're welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
I recently purchased an Internet modem and when I got home it wasn't there. The delivery notification said it arrived. Can you assist?
I recently purchased an Internet modem and when I got home it wasn't there.
The delivery notification said it arrived.
Can you assist?
Hey Jeramey, I let me assist you with this.
Thank you
Have you looked around your premise for a note of some sort?
Yes, nothing to be found.
let me quickly pull up your records...
Thank you
OK I see the person which was responsible for the delivery was Bob. Let me try and contact him quickly.
OK I see the person which was responsible for the delivery was Bob.
Let me try and contact him quickly.
Okay thank you
Ok, I have gotten hold of Bob. He mentioned that he did initially  leave the modem in front of your door but after climbing in the car he realized he made a mistake.
Ok, I have gotten hold of Bob.
He mentioned that he did initially  leave the modem in front of your door but after climbing in the car he realized he made a mistake.
He still has your package. This is our mistake. He shold have left a message.
He still has your package.
This is our mistake.
He shold have left a message.
Thank you. When can it be delivered?
Thank you.
When can it be delivered?
Are you going to be around the house in just over a hour?
Yes.
He apologizes  and will make the effort to get the package to you within the next hour.
Thank you very much.
I am sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you
In that case have a great day further
I need help! My modem is missing. I received a notice at my job that the modem I ordered arrived, and they left it for me. I live in a bad neighborhood. Of course it was stolen! I explicitly stated that I need to sign for it, but you ignored me. I really need that modem.
I need help!
My modem is missing.
I received a notice at my job that the modem I ordered arrived, and they left it for me.
I live in a bad neighborhood.
Of course it was stolen!
I explicitly stated that I need to sign for it, but you ignored me.
I really need that modem.
Hey Rachel, I am sorry to hear this. Let me see what  I can do to assist you.
Hey Rachel, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me see what  I can do to assist you.
Could you just verify your address?
16889 Brony Court Annapolis Maryland 21114
Great, pulling up the records....
Ok seems Mary was responsible for the delivery. Standby while I contact her and find out what is going on.
Ok seems Mary was responsible for the delivery.
Standby while I contact her and find out what is going on.
OK I have just gotten off the phone with Mary. She mentioned she made a mistake. She still has your package.
OK I have just gotten off the phone with Mary.
She mentioned she made a mistake.
She still has your package.
Sweet :D
She has also committed  delivering it within the next hour and a half
would this work for you?
That's great! I'm glad when things work out!
That's great!
I'm glad when things work out!
I do apologize for this inconvenience
No problem. As long as it works out.
No problem.
As long as it works out.
You should have your modem within the next hour or so. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You should have your modem within the next hour or so.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope. I'm good
Nope.
I'm good
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Bye
Bye:)
My internet has been slow over the past week and I am unable to stream anything. Can you help me?
My internet has been slow over the past week and I am unable to stream anything.
Can you help me?
Let me have a look if I can help you resolve this. Slow internet is really frustrating.
Let me have a look if I can help you resolve this.
Slow internet is really frustrating.
Thank you very much
I think the first thing I would like to just check is when last have you restarted the modem?
I restarted it 10 minutes ago
Ok, in that case let me run a system diagnostics from my end. Standby...
Ok, in that case let me run a system diagnostics from my end.
Standby...
Thank you
OK looking at your system, it seems people have been brute forcing your WPS authentication protocol. They have also gotten right.
OK looking at your system, it seems people have been brute forcing your WPS authentication protocol.
They have also gotten right.
I see in the past week 15 devices have been registered to your modem.
They all seem very active
Okay can we solve this?
Ok, one moment while I change some settings.
Okay thank you
Ok, what I have done is disabled WPS. This is a very insecure protocol. What I will need from you is to log into the router and change your password also.
Ok, what I have done is disabled WPS.
This is a very insecure protocol.
What I will need from you is to log into the router and change your password also.
Are you able to do this or do you need me to guide you through the process?
Yes I just completed it
Great. Ah I see only 3 devices now. Your TV, laptop and cellphone.
Great.
Ah I see only 3 devices now.
Your TV, laptop and cellphone.
Would you like to test the speed?
No thank you it seems to be fixed.
Great, in that case. I hope you enjoy streaming series and movies:)
Great, in that case.
I hope you enjoy streaming series and movies:)
I just ordered a bookshelf and noticed that there is a shelf missing. Can you assist me?
I just ordered a bookshelf and noticed that there is a shelf missing.
Can you assist me?
Hey Jeramey. This seems like a really easy problem to fix.
Hey Jeramey.
This seems like a really easy problem to fix.
Thank you
Looking at your records, I see you ordered the  five shelf bookcase deluxe?
Yes that is correct
Give me one moment while I verify stock and shipping details...
Thank you
Great, done. Your new shelf should be arriving on Wednesday.
Great, done.
Your new shelf should be arriving on Wednesday.
is there anything else I can assist you with
No thank you
in that case I hope you have a great day further
Hey
Hey backj
Cool
Test
I need to have the Internet installed at my new residence please
Hi Richard, I'd be happy to help you with that today.
What is your new address?
546 Melissa st apt 2, Peoria, IL
Thank you.
I have updated the system with your new address.
Great
Please hold while I check if your new address is serviceable.
Okay. It looks like we can get install at the new address.
Okay.
It looks like we can get install at the new address.
Ok
Okay to set up an installation appointment tomorrow at noon?
Someone needs to be home for the appointment.
Yes
Great. You're all set.
Great.
You're all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all thank you
Have a nice day.
I moved to a new house and need to update my address and schedule an appointment to install internet at the new house
Hi Bill, I'd be happy to help you with that today.
May I please have your new address.
37 beach st Miami FL 33037
Thank you.
Please hold while I confirm if your new address is serviceable.
Ok
Great news. Service is available at your new address.
Great news.
Service is available at your new address.
Okay to set up an installation appointment this Thursday at noon?
Yea that will work for me
Just to confirm, someone will be home at that time?
Yea my wife will be home
Okay then. You're all set.
Okay then.
You're all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all. Thanks.
That's all.
Thanks.
Have a nice day.
Hello, i changed my address and i need to order a new installation for my internet in my new address
My address is 567 sw copp avenue. Miami florida
My address is 567 sw copp avenue.
Miami florida
Good morning Jose . I am happy to assist you with this.
Good morning Jose .
I am happy to assist you with this.
Let me see if
Thank you
Let me see if we service that area
Pk
Ok
yes we do service your area. I can have a technician out to you on March 13th. Does that work for you?
yes we do service your area.
I can have a technician out to you on March 13th.
Does that work for you?
Yes
Great . morning or afternoon
Great .
morning or afternoon
Morning
Is better for me
Okay , you are confirmed for March 13th between 9a and noon.
Ok perfect Thank you for your support
Is there any thing else I can help you with today>
You are welcome have a great day
Not That is all
Good morning, i have a problem. None of my tv channels are working. Can you help me Find why?
Good morning, i have a problem.
None of my tv channels are working.
Can you help me Find why?
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
When did the TV channels stop working?
Yesterday around 12 am
Have you tried rebooting the cable box?
Yes several times actually
Okay, please hold while I check for any reported technical issues.
Ok
I see there is a reported technical issue. Our system is down for maintenance.
I see there is a reported technical issue.
Our system is down for maintenance.
How long Will it take?
We hope to have service back up and running by this afternoon.
Ok perfect
I Will wait then
If, by this afternoon, you still are having trouble, please contact us again.
Ok i Will
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all
Thank you
Thank you for your business, and have a nice day!
Hi. My cable is out today
Hi.
My cable is out today
I am happy to look into this for you
What is your account number?
4754
Have you tried rebooting the system
Yes
Okay , let me see if there are any issues in your area
There does seem to be an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour
Perfect
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all thx
You're welcome. Have a great dayh.
You're welcome.
Have a great dayh.
day.
My cable is not working right now. None of the channels are coming in.
My cable is not working right now.
None of the channels are coming in.
I am happy to assist you with today.
What is your account number
365336788423
Have you tried rebooting the system
I did and it didn't fix it
Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Ok
I see that there is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour.
Ok good. Thank you
Ok good.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hopefully that's all
Have a great day.
Hi I just relocated to a new apartment.  I need to update my address and set up an appointment to get the cabling installed.
Hi I just relocated to a new apartment.
I need to update my address and set up an appointment to get the cabling installed.
Hi Greg, I am happy to assist you with your relocation.
What is the address at your new apartment?
37 green blvd talhasee tn 37382
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system.
Please hold while I check if we provide service at your new address.
Ok thanks
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
Great news !
We do provide service at your new location.
Perfect
May we come to install this Wednesday between 12-4pm work?
Yes that will be fine.
Just to confirm, someone will be home during that time?
Yes I will be there.
Okay then. You are all set.
Okay then.
You are all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Good morning, i bought 4 tickets for the Carlos Santana concert in los Ángeles but for some unkown reason, i was charged double. I would like to get a refund if possible
Good morning, i bought 4 tickets for the Carlos Santana concert in los Ángeles but for some unkown reason, i was charged double.
I would like to get a refund if possible
Hi Jose , I am sorry to hear that you were double charged.
What was the confirmation number for your order?
66738 is the number
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up the details of your order.
Ok i Will hold
Okay, I see here you were double charged.
I will authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
Thank you for your support
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok no problem. If it Will not show, i Will contact you again
Ok no problem.
If it Will not show, i Will contact you again
Thats all for today. Thank you. Have a great day
Thats all for today.
Thank you.
Have a great day
Same to you.
Good morning, I was double charged for a concert ticket purchase I made the other day
I am happy to look into this for you.
What is your order number?
47357946845
Thank you. I've pulled up your order. Please confirm the event name.
Thank you.
I've pulled up your order.
Please confirm the event name.
Iggy
Okay great . Thanks . I see that you were double billed.
Okay great .
Thanks .
I see that you were double billed.
I apologize for this problem. I have credited your account.
I apologize for this problem.
I have credited your account.
Ok thank you
You should see the refund in two days.
Enjoy the concert.
Thanks
You are welcome.
I purchased tickets for a show next week and I was charged twice on my card
Hi Bill, I am sorry to hear that you were charged twice.
What is the confirmation number for your order?
Bfhff46325
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Ok
I see you here you were indeed double charged.
I will go ahead and authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
Great. Thanks.
Great.
Thanks.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will take care of it
Sorry again for your troubles, and have a wonderful day!
Hi none of my cable tv channels are working right now. Can you help me troubleshoot?
Hi none of my cable tv channels are working right now.
Can you help me troubleshoot?
Hi Greg, I am happy to assist you today.
When did the problem begin?
Just when I woke up this morning I noticed.
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
No let me give that a shot
Any luck?
Yes it's working now thanks!!
Yes it's working now thanks!
!
Great!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
You are welcome. Have a great day!
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
I got snowed in at my resort in Aspen and was not able to leave, so I missed my flight. Can you help get me on another flight
I got snowed in at my resort in Aspen and was not able to leave, so I missed my flight.
Can you help get me on another flight
I am sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What's your flight number and name of passenger?
Flight 202. Passenger is Richard Smith
Flight 202.
Passenger is Richard Smith
thank you for that information. Let me see what we have avaialable.
thank you for that information.
Let me see what we have avaialable.
There are two flight options for today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct. Do either of those work for you?
There are two flight options for today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct.
Do either of those work for you?
11a is fine
Okay , flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat
Great thanks
Check your inbox for the confirmation
Got it
Great . Have a safe flight.
Great .
Have a safe flight.
Thank you
you are welcome.
Hello, i have a problem. Because of the snow, i missed my flight. I tríed to comunicate with you but there was not cellphone reception. Can you help me Find when are the next flights available?
Hello, i have a problem.
Because of the snow, i missed my flight.
I tríed to comunicate with you but there was not cellphone reception.
Can you help me Find when are the next flights available?
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What is your flight number and passenger name?
Flight number is 678 and the passanger name is josé coppola
thank you for that information. Let me see what we have available.
thank you for that information.
Let me see what we have available.
Ok
There are two flight options for today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct. Do either of those work for you?
There are two flight options for today at 11a with a short layover or 2p direct.
Do either of those work for you?
2p direct. I do not like to layover
2p direct.
I do not like to layover
Okay , no problem . You are confirmed for the 2pm flight number 965.
Okay , no problem .
You are confirmed for the 2pm flight number 965.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation.
I received the email and everything looks perfect
Have a safe flight.
Thank you
you are welcome
Hi, I've just moved into a new apartment. I want to xfer my service but the new place has no cable.
Hi, I've just moved into a new apartment.
I want to xfer my service but the new place has no cable.
Hi Hup, I am happy to assist you with your relocation.
Thanks
What is the address of your new apartment.
66 galleon wy 29209
Thank you.
I have updated the system with your new address.
Please hold while I confirm if service is available in that area.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
Great news !
We do provide service at your new location.
Awesome. When do you think I can get it installed?
Awesome.
When do you think I can get it installed?
Does this Thursday between 12-4pm work?
Afternoons are kind of bad. Any morning apps?
Afternoons are kind of bad.
Any morning apps?
Appointments?
Yes, we can do this Friday morning from 8am-10am. Does that work?
Yes, we can do this Friday morning from 8am-10am.
Does that work?
Perfect.
Great. We'll see you then.
Great.
We'll see you then.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks
No nothing else
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi I just purchased tickets to see green day and it looks like I was double charged.  Can you please refund one of the transactions?
Hi I just purchased tickets to see green day and it looks like I was double charged.
Can you please refund one of the transactions?
Hi Greg , I am sorry to hear that you were double charged.
What is the confirmation number for your ticket order?
Sf41632
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
I do see on our system that you were indeed double charged.
I will authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
You should see the refund in two days depending on your bank.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thanks so much.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi, I recently relocated to a new apartment and am needing to get a new install of my cable in my new place.
Hi Marie, I am happy to assist you with your relocation.
What is the address of your new apartment?
456 Laurell Rd apt# 433 Hallsville, AL 86434
Thank you.
I have updated our system with your new address.
Thank you.
Please hold while I confirm if we service that area.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
Great news !
We do provide service at your new location.
Great.
At this time, I'd like to set up an installation appointment.
How does thursday between 12-4pm work?
Okay!
I will be here
You're all set then. We'll see you this Thursday.
You're all set then.
We'll see you this Thursday.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope but thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
I was snowed in at my resort for the past 2 days and missed my flight. I also couldn't contact the airline because the phones were down. I need to find out when the next available flight is.
I was snowed in at my resort for the past 2 days and missed my flight.
I also couldn't contact the airline because the phones were down.
I need to find out when the next available flight is.
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.

What is your flight number and passenger name?
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What is your flight number and passenger name?
4753 Bill smith
thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it.
Ok
I see that we have two flight options for today at 11a or 2p
Do either of those work
Yea 11 would be best
you are confirmed for 11am flight w234.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number.
I got it. Thanks.
I got it.
Thanks.
Have a safe flight.
Hi, my cables has gone out. Help!
Hi, my cables has gone out.
Help!
I am happy to assist you . what is your account number?
I am happy to assist you .
what is your account number?
8033487777
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Hi yes.  I turned the box off and on.
Hi yes.
I turned the box off and on.
Okay , Let me see if there are any issues in your area.
Let is an outage in your area.
The technician says it should be resolved within the hour.
Oh ok.  Great. Thanks
Oh ok.  Great.
Thanks
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day.
Hello, i changed my address and i need to request an installation order. My address is 348 e cumberland avenue, Atlanta Georgia
Hello, i changed my address and i need to request an installation order.
My address is 348 e cumberland avenue, Atlanta Georgia
I am happy to assist you.
Let me see if your area is serviceable.
Ok
Yes , I see that it is . The next available appointment is march 13th. Does that work for you?
Yes , I see that it is .
The next available appointment is march 13th.
Does that work for you?
Yes in the afternoon if it is possible Please
Yes , we have noon to 4p . Please confirm that someone will be available.
Yes , we have noon to 4p .
Please confirm that someone will be available.
Yes i Will be waiting
Great . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great .
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats all
Okay. Thank you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Hi, I got up today and none of my cable channels are working. Can you help me figure out what's wrong?
Hi, I got up today and none of my cable channels are working.
Can you help me figure out what's wrong?
Hi Marie, I'm sorry to hear you are having issues with our cable service.
I'm happy to help you.
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Yes
Okay. Let me look to see if we are experiencing any technical issues on our end.
Okay.
Let me look to see if we are experiencing any technical issues on our end.
Okay thanks
Alright, it looks our system is down for scheduled maintenance right now.
We hope to have the issue resolved as soon as possible.
Okay. Thank you
Okay.
Thank you
If you are still experiencing issues by this afternoon, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all. Thank you
No that's all.
Thank you
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You are welcome.
Have a nice day.
Hi I just wanted to let you know I missed my flight because I was snowed in at my resort!
You think you can help me schedule the next available flight??
You think you can help me schedule the next available flight?
?
Hi Greg, I am happy to assist you today.
What was the confirmation number for the missed flight?
4728
Thank you.
I can put you on flight 63 tonight at 6pm ,or flight 72 tomorrow morning at 9am. Both flights have the same itinerary as the original.
I can put you on flight 63 tonight at 6pm ,or flight 72 tomorrow morning at 9am.
Both flights have the same itinerary as the original.
Flight 72 works
Because of your gold status with us, I am going to make the change free of charge.
Thank you for your loyalty.
Your next ticket on flight 72 has been booked. Please check your inbox for a confirmation email.
Your next ticket on flight 72 has been booked.
Please check your inbox for a confirmation email.
Got the confirmation. Thank you.
Got the confirmation.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Great.
Have a wonderful day!
Hello, i have problem, my tv channels stopped working around 4 pm and i do not know why. I disconnected and connected all cables but nothing happened. Can you help me Find why?
Hello, i have problem, my tv channels stopped working around 4 pm and i do not know why.
I disconnected and connected all cables but nothing happened.
Can you help me Find why?
Hi Jose, I'd be happy to help you today.
Would you try rebooting your system one more time for me?
Ok i Will hold on
Any luck?
Yes its working
Thank you for your help
You are welcome. Have a great day!
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
Hello, I recently got tickets to see the live Beyoncé Spears show and I saw on my bank statement I was charged twice. Could you please reverse a charge?
Hello, I recently got tickets to see the live Beyoncé Spears show and I saw on my bank statement I was charged twice.
Could you please reverse a charge?
Hi Marie, I am sorry to hear that.
What was the confirmation number for your ticket order?
6653775410
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Ok
Okay. I see the double charge in our system.
Okay.
I see the double charge in our system.
I will go ahead and refund one of the charges now.
Thank you
You are welcome.
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Great
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
Have a great day!
Hello, yesterday i bought 4 tickets for the John legend/boys 2 men concert in NYC at madison square garden. For some reason you guys charged me double. Can you help me Find out why?
Hello, yesterday i bought 4 tickets for the John legend/boys 2 men concert in NYC at madison square garden.
For some reason you guys charged me double.
Can you help me Find out why?
Hi Jose, I am sorry to hear that.
What was the confirmation number for your ticket order?
5656
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Ok
Okay . I see the double charge in our system.
Okay .
I see the double charge in our system.
Yes
I will refund one of the charges now.
Ok how long Will it take to show in my account?
The refund should show up within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Ok perfect i Will check it in two days
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all Thank you. Have a great day
Thats all Thank you.
Have a great day
Same to you.
Hi I was double charged for a ticket purchase
Hi Hup, I am sorry to hear that.
No problem just need a refund
What was the confirmation number for your ticket order?
66hg8f12
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Ok
Okay. I see the double charge in our system.
Okay.
I see the double charge in our system.
I will authorize a refund now for one of the charges.
Great. When do u think it'll clear?
Great.
When do u think it'll clear?
The refund should post to your card within 2 business days.
Awesome! Thanks
Awesome!
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it. Thanks again
No that's it.
Thanks again
You are welcome. Have a great day!
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
Hey
hey
Hi, I was snowed in at a resort this weekend and missed my flight yesterday. Is there any way I can get on the next available flight today?
Hi, I was snowed in at a resort this weekend and missed my flight yesterday.
Is there any way I can get on the next available flight today?
Hi Marie, I am happy to assist you today.
What is the confirmation number for your missed flight?
64377823
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your itinerary.
Ok
I see you were suppose to fly from DEN to LAX.
Yes
I can rebook you this evening at 6pm on flight 65, or tomorrow morning at 9am on flight 32.
6pm flight would be great.
I see you are a gold member with us. Thank you for your loyalty.
I see you are a gold member with us.
Thank you for your loyalty.
Because of your status, I will rebook at no charge.
Great!
You should receive a confirmation email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all thank you!
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi. I need to rebook a flight. I was snowed in, and I missed my flight yesterday.
Hi.
I need to rebook a flight.
I was snowed in, and I missed my flight yesterday.
Hi Hup, I am happy to assist you with rebooking your flight.
Ty
What is  your confirmation number?
F65H8vag
Thank you please hold while I pull up your itinerary.
Ok
For the same itinerary , I can rebook you on flight 65 tomorrow at 9am, or flight 32 at 3pm tomorrow afternoon.
I need to get home. The morning flight please.
I need to get home.
The morning flight please.
Sure thing.
I have you booked on flight 65 tomorrow morning.
And, because you're a gold member, I am rebooking you at no additional charge.
Great!
Thanks.  That really is appreciated.
Thanks.
That really is appreciated.
You are welcome.
You should be receiving a confirmation email shortly.
Thanks got it
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks you've been very helpful
You're quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
You're quite welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
Hello, i have a problem, i lost my flight because of the snow and i could not comunicate with you guys. I would like to know when the next flights are available?
Hello, i have a problem, i lost my flight because of the snow and i could not comunicate with you guys.
I would like to know when the next flights are available?
Hi Jose, I am happy to assist you today.
What is the confirmation number for your missed flight?
The number is 678
Departing NYC and arriving at orlando
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your itinerary.
Ok
I see here you were flying from Denver to Los Angeles.
Yes Thats right
I can rebook you on flight 678 tomorrow morning at 9am, or flight 32 on Thursday at 5pm.
Tomorrow at 9 am is perfect for me
Great.
I see you are a gold member with us. Thank you for your loyalty.
I see you are a gold member with us.
Thank you for your loyalty.
I will rebook at no additional charge.
Thank you for your help
I really appreciate it
Thats why you are number 1
You should be receiving a confirmation email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi. I moved into a new apartment and need my internet service hooked up
Hi.
I moved into a new apartment and need my internet service hooked up
I'm Happy to assist you with this. What is your account number?
I'm Happy to assist you with this.
What is your account number?
I'm sorry, What is your address?
56 easy st, apt 4b, NY NY
Thank you for that information.
Let me see if that area is one that we service.
Yes , it is . The next available appointment is march 12th between 9a and noon.
Yes , it is .
The next available appointment is march 12th between 9a and noon.
Does that work for you?
are you still there?
Yes that works
Great. You are all set.
Great.
You are all set.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's it
Have a great day.
Hello. None of my cable channels are coming in
Hello.
None of my cable channels are coming in
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What is your account number?
57646899
Thank you for that information give me a moment to look into it.
Have you tried rebooting the system?
No
Please try that now and let me know if that helps.
Hmmm. That seemed to fix it
Hmmm.
That seemed to fix it
Great . I am glad that we were able to resolve this issue for you so easily.
Great .
I am glad that we were able to resolve this issue for you so easily.
I also see that you have an outstanding payment due.
Would you like to take care of that for you today?
I'll take care of that when I get paid Friday.
Okay , no problem . Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
Okay , no problem .
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
That's all
Have a great day.
Hey. I was double charged for the Wu Tang concert tickets I purchased recently.
Hey.
I was double charged for the Wu Tang concert tickets I purchased recently.
I am sorry to hear that you had an issue . What is your order number?
I am sorry to hear that you had an issue .
What is your order number?
477567
Thanks for that information . Let me look into this for you.
Thanks for that information .
Let me look into this for you.
I do see that you were double billed. I apologize for the error.
I do see that you were double billed.
I apologize for the error.
I have refunded that amount and you should see the credit in two days.
Awesome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Enjoy the concert.
Hi, I just bought a table the other day and when i received it, it wasn't the right one.
Hi Lilly, I am sorry that you were sent the wrong table.
I am happy to help sort this out for you.
Thank you
Would you please describe the table you received?
It is dark brown stain and I ordered antique white
Would you check the shipping label on the box to confirm that your address was on there?
Yes I have
It was
Thank you.
I will have the correct table delivered to you by the end of the day.
Great thank you
I would also like to schedule a pickup order.
What time is convenient for you?
Anytime after 3pm
Great. We will pick up the incorrect table tomorrow after 3pm.
Great.
We will pick up the incorrect table tomorrow after 3pm.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope thank you
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
You are welcome.
Have a nice day!
Hello, i bought a dinning table , the model mahagony but i received the oak model. Can you scheduled a pick up?
Hello, i bought a dinning table , the model mahagony but i received the oak model.
Can you scheduled a pick up?
I apologize that you didn't get the right table. What's your order number?
I apologize that you didn't get the right table.
What's your order number?
Are you still there?
567
Is the order number
thanks . I found the error in the delivery address. I can have it to you by 2pm today. Does that work?
thanks .
I found the error in the delivery address.
I can have it to you by 2pm today.
Does that work?
Yes it works
Great . They will also pick up the other table.
Great .
They will also pick up the other table.
Oh better two birds with one stone
Yes, that's true. Have a great day.
Yes, that's true.
Have a great day.
I recently moved into a new apartment and I need new installation at my address because there is no canling
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your new address?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your new address?
6844 Greenview Detroit Michigan 48228
Thank you for that information . Let me see if we service your area.
Thank you for that information .
Let me see if we service your area.
ok
did you function it?
find
We do service your area . The next available appointment is March 13th . Does that work for you?
We do service your area .
The next available appointment is March 13th .
Does that work for you?
yes it does
morning or afternoon
afternoon
You are confirmed for March 13th between noon and 4p
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
are you still there?
yes I am
nope that's all!
Have a great day.
Hi. I missed my flight this morning due to the snow and communications were out.  What can I do?
Hi.
I missed my flight this morning due to the snow and communications were out.
What can I do?
I am sorry you missed your flight what is your flight number and passenger last name?
5678. Last name is Brown
5678.
Last name is Brown
Thank you for that information. Let me see what we have for you.
Thank you for that information.
Let me see what we have for you.
I see that there are two flight options for today at 11a or 2p .
Do either of those work?
2p works
Great . You are confirmed for 2pm . flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat.
Great .
You are confirmed for 2pm .
flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat.
Grwat
'Great
Please check your inbox for the confirmation email.
Got it
Have a safe flight.
Hi, my cell phone just all of a sudden stopped working. Can you help me figure out why? Only my wifi is working right now.
Hi, my cell phone just all of a sudden stopped working.
Can you help me figure out why?
Only my wifi is working right now.
Hi Lilly , I am happy to help resolve this issue for you today.
Please verify your cell number.
706-567-5668
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up.
It looks like your last payment was declined.
It shouldn't have been. I had plenty of funds.
It shouldn't have been.
I had plenty of funds.
Is it okay if I try to run your card again now for the payment?
Yes
So the payment just went through.
Grear
The service on your phone should be active again in about 10 minutes.
Great*
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all
Thank you , and have a wonderful day!
Hi
I have ordered new dining table online . Upon arrival I am shocked to see it has been wrongly delivered. Can u please check out what is the problem. I need this to be solved asap
I have ordered new dining table online .
Upon arrival I am shocked to see it has been wrongly delivered.
Can u please check out what is the problem.
I need this to be solved asap
I am happy to look into this for you. What's your order number ?
I am happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number ?
10032015
Thank you . I see you ordered the oak 42" table. What did you receive?
Thank you .
I see you ordered the oak 42" table.
What did you receive?
Rose wood 35 " has been delivered. I have also preferred natural colour
Rose wood 35 " has been delivered.
I have also preferred natural colour
I'm sorry you had this issue.

Give me a moment to research this.
I'm sorry you had this issue.
Give me a moment to research this.
I found the table and I can have it delivered this afternoon by 2pm Does that work for you?
Ok thanks
Hi, I was out of town this last weekend and came home to find my account was hacked and an order was placed for $125 and delivered to a coffee shop in town. Is there a way to be refunded?
Hi, I was out of town this last weekend and came home to find my account was hacked and an order was placed for $125 and delivered to a coffee shop in town.
Is there a way to be refunded?
Hi Lilly, I'm sorry to hear that your account was hacked.
I am pulling up your account now.
I see that you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
Yes
We have a no refund policy , but I believe we can make an exception for you.
I appreciate it.
My supervisor has just authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you!
You are welcome. Have a great day!
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi. I was sent the wrong dining table from my order
Hi.
I was sent the wrong dining table from my order
I am happy to look into this for you. What's your order number ?
I am happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number ?
54467
Thank you . I see you ordered the oak 42" table. What did you receive?
Thank you .
I see you ordered the oak 42" table.
What did you receive?
An oak end table
I'm sorry you had this issue.
Give me a moment to research this.
Ok
I found the table and I can have it delivered this afternoon by 2pm Does that work for you?
Yes. Perfect
Yes.
Perfect
Great . is there anything else i can help you with today?
Great .
is there anything else i can help you with today?
That's all
have a great day
Hello, i have a problem. My cellphone service stopped working. I would like to know why you suspend it?
Hello, i have a problem.
My cellphone service stopped working.
I would like to know why you suspend it?
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is your phone number?
456-7756756
Thank you.
I have pulled up your account , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
Can you run it again with the same card that was declines?
Sure.
The payment just went through. You're all set.
The payment just went through.
You're all set.
Your service should be back to normal within 10 minutes.
Ok perfect
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all
Thank you, and have a wonderful day.
Hi, I just moved and I need to update my address and order a new install please.
Hi Yvette, I am happy to assist you with your relocation today.
Thanks
What is your new address?
6357 First Street apt C New York NY 08546
Thank you.
Okay , I have updated your address in our system.
Now let me check to see if we provide service in that area.
Ok
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
Great news !
We do provide service at your new location.
Cool!
We can come by to install tomorrow between 12 and 4pm.
Does that work for you?
Yes
Just to confirm, someone must be home during that time.
Yes
Great.
You're all set then. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're all set then.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
Thank you, and have a great day!
Today I came home to find an invoice in the mail for a cell phone account I never opened. Can you help me cancel this account?
Today I came home to find an invoice in the mail for a cell phone account I never opened.
Can you help me cancel this account?
I can assist you with this . What is the cell number associated with the contract?
I can assist you with this .
What is the cell number associated with the contract?
765-654-2448
I have pulled up this account. It says it belongs to John Smith. Do you know this person
I have pulled up this account.
It says it belongs to John Smith.
Do you know this person
No
Okay . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Okay .
I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Thank you
You don't need to do anything else. If there are any questions. Someone will reach out to  you.
You don't need to do anything else.
If there are any questions.
Someone will reach out to  you.
Great
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
No that's all
have a great day
hi there, none of my cable channels are working, can u please assist me?
I can assist . What is your account number
I can assist .
What is your account number
1234567890
Have you tried rebooting the system?
no
Please try that now
Let me know if that helps
ok, they appear to be working again
Great.I am happy we were able to resolve it quickly
me too!
Is there anything else i can help you with today
nope!
Have a great day.
My cell phone has stopped service from the morning . Luckily I have wifi . Please solve out my cell phone issue I have got lots of admin to sort out .
My cell phone has stopped service from the morning .
Luckily I have wifi .
Please solve out my cell phone issue I have got lots of admin to sort out .
Hi Mohammed, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
What is the number associated with your account?
I need this to be solved very urgently 9894330504
Thank you
I have pulled up your account , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
Oh no
Let me recheck and let u now
I was out for a weekend . Now I am shocked to see my online food ordering account has been hacked . More than 100$ is spent but I was not back at home . What is happening????
I was out for a weekend .
Now I am shocked to see my online food ordering account has been hacked .
More than 100$ is spent but I was not back at home .
What is happening???
?
Can some one help me out . I am sick of problems and hackers
Can some one help me out .
I am sick of problems and hackers
Hi Mohammed, I am happy to assist you today.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
Okay , I see the fraudulent charges.
How is this possible
We recommend that your change your password frequently to avoid these kinds of issues.
Although we do not usually refund accounts per company policy, I think we can help you today.
Hello ACme
My supervisor has just authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Mohammed, are you still there?
Yes
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hi. My cell service is out
Hi.
My cell service is out
I am happy to assist. What's your cell number
I am happy to assist.
What's your cell number
2025550866
Okay. Thanks you. Let me take a look at your account.
Okay.
Thanks you.
Let me take a look at your account.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Oh no. I must not have updated my card exp date
Oh no.
I must not have updated my card exp date
Please do that online now and I can put it through for you
I just updated that. Can you try it now?
I just updated that.
Can you try it now?
Yes, Stand by
It worked . confirmation number 412524. is there anything else i can help you with today
It worked .
confirmation number 412524. is there anything else i can help you with today
Are you still there?
That a all thanks
Have a great day
Hello, i need help with a problem. I Think my food account was hacked because someone made an order for over 100 dollars and it was delivered to an address different from mine. What can we do about it?
Hello, i need help with a problem.
I Think my food account was hacked because someone made an order for over 100 dollars and it was delivered to an address different from mine.
What can we do about it?
I have been a loyal customer for years
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear that your account was hacked.
And thank you for being a loyal customer. We appreciate your business.
And thank you for being a loyal customer.
We appreciate your business.
Thank you
Although we have a no refund policy, I think we can make an exception for you today.
My supervisor has authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Thank you for understanding
I Will change my password Now
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all Thank you
You are welcome. Have a great day!
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a health food store in Greenwich Village, New York.
I just moved and I am trying to contact Acme, for my cable installation.  My new apartment is not set up with the right cables.
I just moved and I am trying to contact Acme, for my cable installation.
My new apartment is not set up with the right cables.
Please provide me with your new address
817 Broadway, New York, New York
I see that we service your area . The first appointment is march 12th.
I see that we service your area .
The first appointment is march 12th.
Does that work for you
I will contact the office to schedule a good date. That date does not work for me.
I will contact the office to schedule a good date.
That date does not work for me.
Could you please give me the contact number?
Okay. 504-555-5698
Okay.
504-555-5698
Have a great day.
I recently bought tickets to my favorite band
but they double charged me for the fixketa
tickets
can you please refund one of the transaction
What's the order number?
1233456535
I see that you were double billed . I have refunded the second transaction.
I see that you were double billed .
I have refunded the second transaction.
You should see the refund in two days.
great!
Enjoy the concert.
Hi I purchased a new dining table online.  Upon arrival I realized the wrong table was sent.  Can you please assist?
Hi I purchased a new dining table online.
Upon arrival I realized the wrong table was sent.
Can you please assist?
What is your order number? I will research that
What is your order number?
I will research that
462373257
I see what happened . I apologize for the inconvenience
I see what happened .
I apologize for the inconvenience
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today. Does that work?
I can have the table delivered by the end of the day today.
Does that work?
Perfect!  Thank you
Perfect!
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today
If there's nothing else. Have a great day.
If there's nothing else.
Have a great day.
Hi
I have relocated to new apartment
I want to update my address and want new installation
Anyone there?
Hi Sam, I am happy to assist you today.
What is your new address?
12 Lincoln avenue Los Angeles ca 90019
Thank you.
Can you update?
Yes, of course. I have updated your new address in our system.
Yes, of course.
I have updated your new address in our system.
Please hold while I confirm that we provide service at your new location.
And I want new installation and wanna about charges
Are you there
Great news! We have service at your new address.
Great news!
We have service at your new address.
Okay if we install tomorrow between 9a and noon?
Oh great thank you
Just to confirm, will someone be home during that time?
Yes will be available
You're all set then. See you tomorrow.
You're all set then.
See you tomorrow.
Have a wonderful day!
I recently moved to a new address and would like to place an order for a new installation of Internet as my new address does not have the required cabling.
Hi Somesh, I am happy to help you today.
What is your new address?
567, modern town , New York
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system.
Ok
When can I expect the installation ?
Please hold while I confirm that we have service in your new location.
Great news ! We do provide service at your new location.
Great news !
We do provide service at your new location.
May we come by tomorrow between 9a and noon for an install?
Ok 9 am is fine
Just to confirm, someone needs to be home during the installation.
Will someone be present during that time?
Yes
I will be at home
Great.
You're all set then.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
None of my cable channels are working! What is going on???
None of my cable channels are working!
What is going on??
?
Help my favorite show is coming on!!
Help my favorite show is coming on!
!
I am happy to assist you . What is your account number
I am happy to assist you .
What is your account number
54256733
Have you tried rebooting the system
Yes a couple of times...
Okay . Let me see if there area any issues in your area
Okay .
Let me see if there area any issues in your area
K
Yes , there is an outage in your area . I t should be resolved within the next hour.
Yes , there is an outage in your area .
I t should be resolved within the next hour.
Oh ok
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
No
have a great day
I missed my flight because I was snows in, and I couldn't call the airline because there was no communication available, can you get me available flights?
I am sorry you missed your flight . what is your flight number
I am sorry you missed your flight .
what is your flight number
can you get me a flight?
What is your flight number?
373
I see that there are two flight options for today at 11a or 2p
do either of those work for you?
yes the sooner the better
Okay . 11am flight w234.
Okay .
11am flight w234.
great
Please check your inbox for the confirmation
thank you
Have a saf
safe flight
Hello, i received on my email an invoice for a contract i do not own
None of my family either
The number on the contract is 456-785785685
I will look into this.
one moment
Ok
I see the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
I see the contract is under the name john smith.
Do you know that person?
No i dont
I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Ok Thank you for you support
Have a great day.
Hi
My tv channels are not working
I could not receive any signal
Hi Sam, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
I'd be happy to help you resolve this.
Yes please
When did you first start experiencing difficulties?
Yesterday
Till now I was waiting to resolve. But it did not
Till now I was waiting to resolve.
But it did not
How to resolve this issue
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Yes but I tried yesterday
Okay . Let me check our system for any reported technical issues.
Okay .
Let me check our system for any reported technical issues.
Yes please
I see that our system is down at the moment.
Okay
We hope to have it back up and running by this afternoon.
If your service is not back to normal by this evening, please contact us again.
Ok I am waiting to resolve. Thank you
Ok I am waiting to resolve.
Thank you
Thank you for your patience. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your patience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Have a wonderful day!
Hi, my cable TV channels are not working. Could you please give me the number to contact ACME to find out what the problem is?
Hi, my cable TV channels are not working.
Could you please give me the number to contact ACME to find out what the problem is?
What is your account number
I do not have it.
Okay what's the phone number associate with that account?
347-989-5214
Thank you . have you tried rebooting the system?
Thank you .
have you tried rebooting the system?
Not yet.
Please try that now and let me know if that works.
Okay, please give me a second.
Sure. Take your time.
Sure.
Take your time.
Looks like it's okay now. Thanks.
Looks like it's okay now.
Thanks.
Great . I am happy to see that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Great .
I am happy to see that we were able to resolve it quickly.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks.
Have a great day.
None of my cable Tv channels are working. I would like you to assist me
None of my cable Tv channels are working.
I would like you to assist me
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
When did the problem begin?
2 days ago
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
No
Please do so, and let me know if that resolves the issue.
Ok wait 1 min
Any luck?
Yes it started working again
Thank you
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Just now opened my mail box . I am shocked to see invoice from a cell phone contractor . Which I have never opened . Please look in to this . Seriously I am very much tired of this things
Just now opened my mail box .
I am shocked to see invoice from a cell phone contractor .
Which I have never opened .
Please look in to this .
Seriously I am very much tired of this things
Cancel the contract asap
Hey  Mohammed, Let me assist you with this.
I am waiting
Could you please provide me with the cellphone number which is on the invoice?
9894330504
Ok, I have that account in front of me. I see it is opened under your name. However you mentioned you have no recognition of this?
Ok, I have that account in front of me.
I see it is opened under your name.
However you mentioned you have no recognition of this?
Yes please cancel the contract
I will however not be able to cancel the contract. However what I can do is suspend the contact and create a ticket for further investigation.
I will however not be able to cancel the contract.
However what I can do is suspend the contact and create a ticket for further investigation.
Ok
Once the contract is suspended, no one will be able to use the number, also no fund will be subtracted from you account.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I happy all my issues are completely solved by Acme .
Thank you Mohammed. It is out pleasure to help where we can.
Thank you Mohammed.
It is out pleasure to help where we can.
Please for further test ensure the conversation is ending successfully before beginning with a new issue.
Have a great day further.
Ok
Noted
Hi. My account was hacked and someone spent 100 dollars
Hi.
My account was hacked and someone spent 100 dollars
Hi Richard, I am sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
Thanks
although we do not usually refund accounts per company policy, I can make an exception for you today.
Awesome
My supervisor has just authorize a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I recently purchased tickets to see a live performance. After completing my purchase I realised that you have charged me double. I would like you to refund 1 transaction
I recently purchased tickets to see a live performance.
After completing my purchase I realised that you have charged me double.
I would like you to refund 1 transaction
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that you were double charged.
What is the confirmation number for the order?
It is 47547474765
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up, and there are indeed two charges
I will authorize a refund for one of the charges now.
Thank you
You should see the refund posted to your account within 2 business days depending on your bank.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi. Anyone there?
Hi.
Anyone there?
It's emergency. I have missed my flight
It's emergency.
I have missed my flight
Yes, I can help. What is your flight number and name of passenger?
Yes, I can help.
What is your flight number and name of passenger?
Just now I have arrived the town
MH 344, sam
Thank you of for that information.
I want to know the details about next flight
We have two flight available 4p and 8p
4p will be comfortable
Can you please register for 4 p
Great . You are confirmed on flight 656 departing 4pm.
Great .
You are confirmed on flight 656 departing 4pm.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number
Yes It confirmed . Thanks for your help
Yes It confirmed .
Thanks for your help
Have a safe flight.
Hi. I got an invoice for a cell contract I didn't open
Hi.
I got an invoice for a cell contract I didn't open
Hi Richard, I'd be happy to assist you with this today.
What is the number on the invoice your received?
Richard, are you still there?
46747
Thank you.
Just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct?
Right
Okay, I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to further investigate this matter.
Have you noticed any charges on any of your accounts related to this invoice?
No
That's good to hear.
If we need any further information from you regarding this matter, a representative from our company will call you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it thanks
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I ordered a new dining table but when I received it I saw that it's not the table that I ordered
I'm happy to look into this for you. What's your order number?
I'm happy to look into this for you.
What's your order number?
45554
I see the issue . One moment please
I see the issue .
One moment please
Ok
I can have the table delivered to you by 2pm today. Does that work for you?
I can have the table delivered to you by 2pm today.
Does that work for you?
Yea that would be great!
Sorry for the inc
No worries. Thanks.
No worries.
Thanks.
sorry for the inconvenience . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
sorry for the inconvenience .
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks
I bought some tickets to a show online and it looks like I was double-charged.
I can help you with this . What is your order number and event name
I can help you with this .
What is your order number and event name
Are you there?
Are you still there?
Due to being snowed at a holiday resort I missed my return flight. The resort had no means of external communication so I was unable to notify you. I just arrived in the town and wish to find out when the next flights are available
Due to being snowed at a holiday resort I missed my return flight.
The resort had no means of external communication so I was unable to notify you.
I just arrived in the town and wish to find out when the next flights are available
Hi Somesh, I am happy to assist you today.
Which flight did you intend to take?
The one which is closest
Okay, I see you are trying to fly from Denver to Newark.
Ok
Yes
I can put you on flight 348 at 6:30pm tonight, or flight 32 tomorrow morning at 9am.
Which do you prefer?
Flight 348 will be fine
Great.
I see that you are a gold member. Thank you for your business.
I see that you are a gold member.
Thank you for your business.
I am going to rebook you free of charge.
Thank you
That will be great
You should received a confirmation email in your inbox shortly.
Yes I just did
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi. Anyone there?
Hi.
Anyone there?
I can assist you. What is the problem you are having?
I can assist you.
What is the problem you are having?
I have purchased tickets for live show.
But I realized that it's double charged
Okay . What is the order number and event name?
Okay .
What is the order number and event name?
Art festival and number is 65432
Thank you. Let me take a look at the issue.
Thank you.
Let me take a look at the issue.
Okay
I see that you were double billed for that festival. I will refund the second charge.
I see that you were double billed for that festival.
I will refund the second charge.
You should see a credit in two day.
Ok it's great
Thank you
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day.
I purchased tickets to a live show and I just saw that I was charged twice! Can you fix this??
I purchased tickets to a live show and I just saw that I was charged twice!
Can you fix this?
?
Hi Yvette, I'm sorry to hear that you were charged twice.
What is the confirmation number for the tickets your purchased?
533675226
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
Ok
I see that you were indeed charged twice.
I will go ahead and refund one of those charges now
You should see the refund post to your card within 2 business days.
Ok thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
got the wrong table delivered
?
I can help you with that . what is your account number?
I can help you with that .
what is your account number?
1234
?
Thank you. Give me a moment to look into this.
Thank you.
Give me a moment to look into this.
sure
I see you ordered the oak 42" round. What is you receive?
I see you ordered the oak 42" round.
What is you receive?
different one
It would help to know the description.
34"
square
Okay. thank you for that information. I appreciate the details.
Okay.
thank you for that information.
I appreciate the details.
I found the error. I can have your table delivered by 2p today. Does that work for you?
I found the error.
I can have your table delivered by 2p today.
Does that work for you?
sure
yes
Great. You are confirmed for delivery at 2p. Have a great day.
Great.
You are confirmed for delivery at 2p.
Have a great day.
My cell phone service is not working and I need to see what the problem is so I can get it fixed as soon as possible as today is very busy for me.
I can help you . What is your cell number?
I can help you .
What is your cell number?
353-343-2537
Okay . Give me a moment to look into it.
Okay .
Give me a moment to look into it.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Oh hmm. I'll make another payment now. Hold on one minute.
Oh hmm.
I'll make another payment now.
Hold on one minute.
Okay. I'll stand by.
Okay.
I'll stand by.
Do you see the new payment?
Yes . Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
Yes .
Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
Ok thanks.
Is there anything else i can help you
with today?
That's all
Have a great day.
Hi my cell phone service just stopped working. Can you help me troubleshoot?
Hi my cell phone service just stopped working.
Can you help me troubleshoot?
Hi Greg, I am happy to help you with this issue.
What is the number on the account you are having trouble with?
Hi Greg, are you still there?
488472
Thank you.
Np
I have your account pulled up , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
If you believe this is a mistake, I can rerun your card now.
Yes please re run
Okay. The payment just went through.
Okay.
The payment just went through.
Your service should be back to normal within 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it thank you!
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day!
You are welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
I got snowed in at my resort and I need to let the airline know this and schedule a new flight please.
I'm sorry to hear that you misse
missed your flight.
Thanks
What is your flight number and departure and arrival cities
643567 depart philidelphia arrive Atlanta
Thank you . I see that there are two flight options for today at 4p or 6p. Do either of those work for you>?
Thank you .
I see that there are two flight options for today at 4p or 6p.
Do either of those work for you>?
4 works
You are confirmed for the 4pm flight . flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat.
You are confirmed for the 4pm flight .
flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat.
Great thanks?
PLease check your inbox for the confirmation number.
Ok
Have a safe flight.
I recently purchased a new dining table online. On its arrival I realised that you sent me the wrong table. I would like you to send the correct table.
I recently purchased a new dining table online.
On its arrival I realised that you sent me the wrong table.
I would like you to send the correct table.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
Please describe the table you were sent.
I received a semi furnished table
While I ordered a fully furnished table
Would you please verify the the delivery address on the shipping label was yours.
My address is 468, new road , New York
Thank you.
So I'm going to go ahead and have the correct table shipped out this afternoon for you.
Ok
And, I need to schedule a pick up for the wrong table.
What time is convenient for you?
Any time tomorrow is fine
Great. I will have the table picked up at 3pm.
Great.
I will have the table picked up at 3pm.
Ok that will be fine
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Sorry again for the inconvenience.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi. Anyone there?
Hi.
Anyone there?
None of my tv channels are working
Hi Kunti, what can I help you with today?
I'm sorry to hear that.
When did the channels stop working?
One hour before
Have you tried rebooting your cable box/
No. Let me reboot
No.
Let me reboot
It's not working too
Okay , let me check our system for any technical issues.
Oksy
Okay
It looks like our system is down for scheduled maintenance.
We hope to have this issue resolved as soon as possible.
Okay thank you
If you are still experiencing issues by this evening, please contact us again.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Thank you for your patience, and have a great day!
my cellphone doesn't work!
Hey G.I, let me assist you with this.
sure
Could you please provide more information regarding what is wrong with your cellphone?
it just stopped working
Are you referring to  with the actually cellphone or the service?
the service
Ok, let me have a look what I can see...
sure
OK G.I , it seems your last payment order was declined by the bank
shucks
can u fix it?
What I can try and to is re bill your card which is on file.
yes
please
?
Ok, I have re billed your account.
yes!
It was successful . Your service should return within 15min
It was successful .
Your service should return within 15min
yes!
appreciate it
No problem , GI . Is there anthing else i can assist you with?
No problem , GI .
Is there anthing else i can assist you with?
no
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
I was gone this past weekend and when I logged into my food account just now I see that there was an order for $100 delivered to joes coffee shop. I didn't place this order.
I was gone this past weekend and when I logged into my food account just now I see that there was an order for $100 delivered to joes coffee shop.
I didn't place this order.
Hey Jake, I am sorry to hear that. Let me assist you with this.
Hey Jake, I am sorry to hear that.
Let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with the account number?
36466
Thank you, presently busy pulling up your information.
Ok
OK, looking at the account I see the address was changed just before the weekend. I looking at the address I assume  you did not want it delivered to Starbucks?
OK, looking at the account I see the address was changed just before the weekend.
I looking at the address I assume  you did not want it delivered to Starbucks?
No I did not
Are all the transaction after this address change the fraudulent transactions?
Yes
Looking at the transactions, that totals to $103. Let me check with my supervisor if he is happy if we make the refund.
Looking at the transactions, that totals to $103.
Let me check with my supervisor if he is happy if we make the refund.
Ok thanks.
Ok, seems my supervisor says we are unable to refund the money, however we can credit your account... Would this help?
No I would like a refund because I did not place this order.
I understand. Let me see if I mentioned how unhappy you are if my supervisor will change his mind.
I understand.
Let me see if I mentioned how unhappy you are if my supervisor will change his mind.
Ok
Ok Jake, we will be refunding your credit card. One moment while I authorize this.
Ok Jake, we will be refunding your credit card.
One moment while I authorize this.
Ok thank you
Ok , I have authorized the refund , the balance should be visible within two working days.
Thanks.
Is there anything else i can assist you with today?
No
I hope you have a great day further.
Hi
Hi there, Kunti. What can I help you with today?
Hi there, Kunti.
What can I help you with today?
I have changed my apartment
So I want to re-install my internet connection
I am happy to assist you with that.
What is your new address?
Yes 45 Williams drive Los Angeles California 90001
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system.
Let me check to make sure we provide service at your new apartment.
Thanks and when can I get the new installation
Ok please check
Great news. We do provide service at your new apartment.
Great news.
We do provide service at your new apartment.
It's great
I can set you up with an installation appointment tomorrow between noon and 4pm.
Does that work for you?
Yes it's good
Okay, and someone will be present at your apartment during that time?
I will be available in home during that time
Great.
Thanks for your help
You're all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day!
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice, it couldn't be a worse day as I have a lot of admin to sort out. I would like you to solve the problem as fast as you can.
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice, it couldn't be a worse day as I have a lot of admin to sort out.
I would like you to solve the problem as fast as you can.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is the phone number associated your account?
My phone number is 6739364628
Thank you.
I have pulled up your account , and it looks like your last payment was declined.
If you believe this was a mistake, I can go ahead and try to rerun your card now.
Yes I believe it's was a mistake
The payment was successful.
Thank you very much
Your service should be back to normal within 10 minutes.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
my food ordering account was hacked!
Hi GI, I'm sorry to hear that.
yes
Please wait while I pull up your account to check for any fraudulent activity.
sure
I see you are a very loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
I see you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
Although we normally don't refund accounts, I can help you today.
yes
that is nice!
My manager has authorized a full refund for the bad charges.
You should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You should be all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I recently went away for the weekend. When I came back I noticed that my online food account has been hacked. The hacker made use of my account and ordered more than $100 of food which was delivered to a local coffee shop. I would like to know if is there anything you can do
I recently went away for the weekend.
When I came back I noticed that my online food account has been hacked.
The hacker made use of my account and ordered more than $100 of food which was delivered to a local coffee shop.
I would like to know if is there anything you can do
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear that your account was hacked.
Let me pull up your account to check for any fraudulent activity.
I see that you are a loyal customer. Thank you for your business.
I see that you are a loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
although we do not usually refund accounts per company policy, I can make an exception for you today.
Thank you very much this is so generous of you
My pleasure.
My manager has just authorized a full refund for the bad charges.
You should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You should be all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you
You're welcome.
I appreciate your help
Have a wonderful day!
Hi I just got home from vacation and someone charged $100 to my ordering account to a coffee shop.
This was not me is there any chance I can get a refund.
I am happy to look into this for you. What's your account number?
I am happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number?
3633562
Please give me a moment to look into it.
I see the charge, unfortunately the company does offer refunds on online orders
doesn't offer.
In further looking into this. I see that you are a very loyal customer. Let  me see if there's anything I can do.
In further looking into this.
I see that you are a very loyal customer.
Let  me see if there's anything I can do.
I am able to refund the full amount.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Wow great thanks so much.  No that's it
Wow great thanks so much.
No that's it
I suggest that you change your password and user name. Have a great day.
I suggest that you change your password and user name.
Have a great day.
Hi
I have an issue with my payment .
Anyone to help?
Hi Kunti, what seems to be the exact problem?
I have purchased two tickets online. But later I realized that I had charged double
I have purchased two tickets online.
But later I realized that I had charged double
Is there any way to get refund?
Let me pull up your account details.
Okay
What is the confirmation number on the ticket order?
654321790
Thank you.
I see that you were indeed charged twice.
I will go ahead and refund one of those charges now.
You should see a refund post to your account within 2 business days.
Could you please request for me to request?
I'm sorry, Kunti. I don't understand what you're asking.
I'm sorry, Kunti.
I don't understand what you're asking.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you please request for me to refund?
I have granted the refund.
Yes got it. Thanks for your help
Yes got it.
Thanks for your help
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
You are quite welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
i got a wrong cell invoice
?
I'm sorry, I don't quite understand. Please explain in greater detail.
I'm sorry, I don't quite understand.
Please explain in greater detail.
the invoice is 4 a contract i didnt sign up 4
I am happy to assist . What is the cell number associated with this contract?
I am happy to assist .
What is the cell number associated with this contract?
113-123-4567
Thank you for that information. Please hold while I look this up
Thank you for that information.
Please hold while I look this up
sure
I see that the contract is under the name John Smith.  do you know who that is?
I see that the contract is under the name John Smith.
do you know who that is?
no
Ok . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Ok .
I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
that is helpful!
You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
Is there anything else I can help with?
no
Have a great day.
Hi I just checked my mailbox and I have an invoice for a cell phone contract I never opened.  Can you please assist?
Hi I just checked my mailbox and I have an invoice for a cell phone contract I never opened.
Can you please assist?
I am happy to assist . What is the cell number associated with this contract?
I am happy to assist .
What is the cell number associated with this contract?
5185982458
Okay . I see the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
Okay .
I see the contract is under the name john smith.
Do you know that person?
No I do not
Ok . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.

You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
Ok .
I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
Great thank you
you are welcome have a great day
On opening my mailbox I found an unexpected invoice from a cellular provider for a contract which I never opened. I would like you to cancel the contract.
On opening my mailbox I found an unexpected invoice from a cellular provider for a contract which I never opened.
I would like you to cancel the contract.
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help sort this out for you.
What is the cell number on the invoice?
It is 4539333684
Thank you.
Just to confirm, you did not open this account, correct?
No
Okay, I have suspended the account.
Thank you
I've also opened up a ticket to further investigate the matter.
That is great
Have you noticed any charges to any of your accounts related to this invoice?
No
That is good to hear.
You should be all set.
Yes
If we need any further information from you, a representative from our company will contact you.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I received a bill in the mail for a cell phone plan that I did not sign up for. Can you help me with this?
I received a bill in the mail for a cell phone plan that I did not sign up for.
Can you help me with this?
I am happy to assist . What is the cell number associated with this contract?
I am happy to assist .
What is the cell number associated with this contract?
354/465/6446
I see that the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know who that is?
I see that the contract is under the name john smith.
Do you know who that is?
I do not
Ok . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Ok .
I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
You are not responsible for anything associated with it.
Thanks.
If there are any questions . The security team will reach out to you.
If there are any questions .
The security team will reach out to you.
Have a great day.
Hi
Hi Kunti, what can I help you with today?
Kunti, are you still there?
Yes
I have missed my return flight
Los Angeles to chicago
I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you to look for a new flight.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I can help you to look for a new flight.
Yes I want to know the next available flights
I can put you on flight 63, leaving tonight at 8pm. Or, I can put you on flight 72, leaving tomorrow morning at 8am.
I can put you on flight 63, leaving tonight at 8pm.
Or, I can put you on flight 72, leaving tomorrow morning at 8am.
Which do you prefer?
I want to go today
I also see that you are a gold member. Thank you for your loyalty.
I also see that you are a gold member.
Thank you for your loyalty.
I will rebook you free of charge on flight 63, leaving tonight at 8pm.
Yes thanks.
It's great
You should received an email confirmation in your inbox shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I have received confirmation
Thank you
We appreciate your business. Have a wonderful day!
We appreciate your business.
Have a wonderful day!
Thanks
Hi
Hi Andrew, what can I help you with today?
Yes, my cell phone service stopped suddenly
I'm sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
I have not receive any notice
What is the phone number associated with your account?
Yes please take a look
9876504321
Thank you.
I see that your last payment was declined.
But I paid for last month and there is no due with my account
Okay, let me investigate further.
Yes please
It looks like we've had an error on our end.
I will update the status of your account now.
Your cell service should resume within 10 minutes.
Could you please resolve as soon as possible
Okay thank you
I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Sorry any inconvenience this may have caused you.
Have a wonderful day!
No problem thank you
Hello, i try to log in into my electricity account several times and it was blocked. Can you help me Gain access again?
Hello, i try to log in into my electricity account several times and it was blocked.
Can you help me Gain access again?
I can help you with this. What is your account number?
I can help you with this.
What is your account number?
3456
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Okay .
Thank you .
For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
José Coppola and zip cose is 33130
Thank you . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Thank you .
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please look in your inbox for instructions to reset it.
I just received the email
I am going to change it Now
Very good . Thank you . is there anything else i can help you with?
Very good .
Thank you .
is there anything else i can help you with?
Thats it for today
Have a great day.
I tried to login my online account to pay my electricity bill. After attempting to login my account four times the system locked me out. I am unable to unlock it and would like you to assist me on this
I tried to login my online account to pay my electricity bill.
After attempting to login my account four times the system locked me out.
I am unable to unlock it and would like you to assist me on this
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to assist you with this issue.
What is the username you are trying to log on with?
My username is som6789
Thank you.
Would you provide your unique 4-digit security code that you chose when you signed up for our online services?
It is 5638
Okay, I have gone ahead and reset your password.
Thank you
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to make a new password.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have nice day!
Hi, I am trying to log into my account to pay my bill and I locked myself out with too many wrong attempts. Can you help me get unlocked?
Hi, I am trying to log into my account to pay my bill and I locked myself out with too many wrong attempts.
Can you help me get unlocked?
I am happy to help you with this. What's your account number
I am happy to help you with this.
What's your account number
64467344
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Okay .
Thank you .
For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Marie Dobson zip code is 75442
Thank you for that information . I have reset your password . Please look for the email with instruction to reset it.
Thank you for that information .
I have reset your password .
Please look for the email with instruction to reset it.
I received it thank you
Great . Is there anything else i can help you with today
Great .
Is there anything else i can help you with today
No that's it thank you
You are welcome.
ugh
I have been locked out of my account while trying to pay my electric bill
can you help me?
I am happy to help you with this. What's your account number
I am happy to help you with this.
What's your account number
347734685
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Okay .
Thank you .
For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
account 35636534 zip 35852
Thank you . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Thank you .
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
thanks!
Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
awesome
Have a great day.
Hi
I tried paying my electricity bill . Due to some reason my account has been locked I need your help to pay my bill
I tried paying my electricity bill .
Due to some reason my account has been locked I need your help to pay my bill
I am happy to help you with this. What's your account number
I am happy to help you with this.
What's your account number
10032015
Okay . Thank you . For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Okay .
Thank you .
For verification purposes please provide your full name on the account as well as your zip code.
Mohammed Nayeem 632509
Thank you . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Thank you .
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Thanks for ur help
Please check your inbox for instructions to reset it.
Have a great day.
Hi, I got locked out of my account and I need help.
Hi Rachel, I'd be happy to help you out.
What is the username associated with the account you are trying to access?
Username: electric1Avenue
Thank you.
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to choose a new password.
Great!
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Have a :) day!
No, that's all.
Have a :) day!
Same to you!
Good bye.
Hello, i ordered a modem online two days ago and today it was left on my door. I just got home and i do not see the package. I know that you require signature. Can you help me Find it?
Hello, i ordered a modem online two days ago and today it was left on my door.
I just got home and i do not see the package.
I know that you require signature.
Can you help me Find it?
Hi Jose, I can help you with this.
Let me pull up your account.
Thank you
Ok
I'm not seeing a note from the delivery agent at this time.
Let me open a ticket to investigate what happened.
Ok Please do
Investigations usually take 24-48 hours.
If you do not hear from someone in the next day or two, please contact us.
Ok i Will
You have my phone number and my email is something happened?
Yes, we have both on file.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok perfect
Thats all
Thank toy
You
Have a great day
You too!
Hi
Hi Andrew, what can I help you with today?
I have ordered a dining table with you. But unfortunately I have not received the item that I ordered
I have ordered a dining table with you.
But unfortunately I have not received the item that I ordered
I have received the wrong one
How can I fix this issue
I'm sorry to hear that you received the wrong table.
Are you there?
Can you describe the table you received?
I have received the table in glass material. But I have ordered the wooden table
I have received the table in glass material.
But I have ordered the wooden table
Does the address on the shipping label match your address?
Yes it's the exact one
Okay, I will go ahead and ship out the correct table this afternoon.
And how can I return the table that I received?
Is there any extra charges?
I can schedule a pick up any day this week.
Let me know what day/time is convenient for you.
Wednesday is convenient for me
Great.
Thank you
We will pick up the table on Wednesday.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks
Sorry for the inconvenience. I hope you have a wonderful day!
Sorry for the inconvenience.
I hope you have a wonderful day!
I recently placed order for a new internet modem. Earlier today while i was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door. On arriving my package was missing and I looked online and saw I explicitly said you require a signature when delivering the package. I would like you to help me in this
I recently placed order for a new internet modem.
Earlier today while i was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door.
On arriving my package was missing and I looked online and saw I explicitly said you require a signature when delivering the package.
I would like you to help me in this
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
I am Happy to assist you .
What is the order number?
Order number is 648474648
And address is 556, new town , New York
Give me a moment to look into it.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.

I will  have a new modem overnighted to you.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I will  have a new modem overnighted to you.
Thank you
That will be great
Thank you . Sorry for the inconvenience,
Thank you .
Sorry for the inconvenience,
Ok
Have a great day.
Hi I placed an order for a modem that was supposed to be delivered only with a signature and while I was at work today I received an email saying it was delivered. When I got home the package was nowhere to be found.
Hi I placed an order for a modem that was supposed to be delivered only with a signature and while I was at work today I received an email saying it was delivered.
When I got home the package was nowhere to be found.
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
I am Happy to assist you .
What is the order number?
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I wil have a new modem overnighted to you.
Thank you
Order # 644633
thank you . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
thank you .
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No that's it. Thank you.
No that's it.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
hi, I ordered a new modem but found out it wasn't there when I got home.  it was marked as delivered by the delivery company, and a signature qa supposed to be required
hi, I ordered a new modem but found out it wasn't there when I got home.
it was marked as delivered by the delivery company, and a signature qa supposed to be required
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
I am Happy to assist you .
What is the order number?
3673674
Give me a moment to look into it.
ok
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.

I wil have a new modem overnighted to you.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I wil have a new modem overnighted to you.
wow, thanks!
I am happy we can resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else i can help you with today
nope!
Have a great day
I have ordered Internet modem . It was about to deliver today . I was at work . Once I reached home I have not found my product
I have ordered Internet modem .
It was about to deliver today .
I was at work .
Once I reached home I have not found my product
I am Happy to assist you . What is the order number?
I am Happy to assist you .
What is the order number?
My explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.

I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
Thanks for the prompt action
Yes , I will set an inquiry with the delivery service
I'm trying to pay my power bill online but I was locked out of my account.
Hi Jake, I'm sorry to hear that you can't access your account.
What is the username you are using to access our online services?
Jake162
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Ok
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to choose a new password.
Ok thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Good morning, i have a problem. My internet connection is really slow
Good morning, i have a problem.
My internet connection is really slow
Hi Jose, I'm sorry to hear you are experiencing troubles with your internet service.
It started last week but it took a while to report it
Have you tried restarting your modem/router?
Yes
I did that several times
Okay, let me access your modem and pull its status information.
Lk
Ok
I see that there are 10+ users currently signed on to your wi-fi.
When was the last time you changed your password for your router?
I do not remember
I am going to change it Now
Please let me know if that fixes the problem.
Now my connection is fast
Thank you for the tip
You are quite welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That Will be all
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Yikes, the new modem shows that it was delivered at my doorstep today unsigned for and yet it's not here.
I am happy to assist you. What's the order number?
I am happy to assist you.
What's the order number?
0104567-2345
Let me look into this for you
Okay.
I see that it was delivered in error . I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
I see that it was delivered in error .
I will have a new modem overnighted to you.
Oh wow, that's great service. Thank you!
Oh wow, that's great service.
Thank you!
I am happy we were able to resolve it quickly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
That's all. Thank you so much!
That's all.
Thank you so much!
Have a great day
I have a issue with my internet it's dead slow I can't stream a video . What is the problem behind I need this to be solved right now
I have a issue with my internet it's dead slow I can't stream a video .
What is the problem behind I need this to be solved right now
What is your account number
9894330504
Have you tried rebooting your router?
No I will do that right now
let me know if that helps
Now I can see the light blinking faster. Send and receive of data is good I have checked in my internet properties
Now I can see the light blinking faster.
Send and receive of data is good I have checked in my internet properties
Thanks for the on time help
Great . I am happy this was resolved so quickly.
Great .
I am happy this was resolved so quickly.
Have a great day.
Yeah me too very happy I can enjoy
Great!
Hi
I have received an invoice for a new contract that I did not really open
^ What's the number associated with that contract ?
9876504321
Thanks . Let me look into this for you
Thanks .
Let me look into this for you
Yes please take a look
The contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
The contract is under the name john smith.
Do you know that person?
And let me know the procedure to cancel
No I don't know John smith
Okay. I will suspend the number and  log a ticket of inquiry with our security department
Okay.
I will suspend the number and  log a ticket of inquiry with our security department
Yes please
You aren't responsible for anything regarding this account. If the security team needs anything, they will reach out to you.
You aren't responsible for anything regarding this account.
If the security team needs anything, they will reach out to you.
Okay it's good to hear that
Thank you
Have a great day. You are welcome
Have a great day.
You are welcome
Hi. We bought a new dining table last week and the one that got delivered this AM is the wrong one!
Hi.
We bought a new dining table last week and the one that got delivered this AM is the wrong one!
We ordered an all wood table
Hi Sean, I'm sorry you received the wrong table.
This is a different color and has metal accents
I'd be happy to help you get the correct table.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Thanks
Okay, I will have the all wood table sent out this afternoon.
I also need to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table.
Please let me know a day/time this week that is convenient for you, and we will make the pick up then.
One of us will be here all day tomorrow and Thursday
Great. I will schedule the pick up for tomorrow.
Great.
I will schedule the pick up for tomorrow.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks
Sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We thank you for your patience. Have a wonderful day!
We thank you for your patience.
Have a wonderful day!
hi there my internet speed is really slow the past wee, I can't stream anything at all, can you help me?
Hi Jay, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your internet service.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
thanks
Have you tried rebooting your modem/router?
no I havent
Please try that, and let me know if you are still experiencing   issues.
ok I will
it still doesn't work
Okay, let me pull the status information from your modem.
It appears there are over 10+ users logged on to your account right now.
wow
When was the last time you changed your password for the router?
a long time ago
Please change the password now, and let me know if that resolves your speed issues.
ok
I changed it
Any luck?
yes
can you see if people are still logged on?
Just one user, which I'm assuming is you.
yep i
Is there anything else I can help you with today/
nope
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hello, i have a problem with a bookshelf i bought from your website. There 4 shelf missing
Hello, i have a problem with a bookshelf i bought from your website.
There 4 shelf missing
The model is oak 8 bookshelf modern
Hi Jose, I am sorry to hear that you are missing shelves.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Ok
Okay, I have your order right here.
I will send out the missing shelves today.
And, for the inconvenience, I'd like to send a complimentary book of your choice along with the shelves.
Thank you
I would 1984 by George orwell
Orwell
You got it!
Both the shelves, and the book, are on their way.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That Will be all. Thank you for your help
That Will be all.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for your patience. Have a wonderful day!
Thank you for your patience.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi my internet has been running slow for a week now and I can't figure out why. I can't even stream movies. Can you help me with this issue?
Hi my internet has been running slow for a week now and I can't figure out why.
I can't even stream movies.
Can you help me with this issue?
Hi Marie, I'd be happy to help you with this today.
Great.
Have you tried rebooting your modem/router?
Yes
Okay, let me pull up the status information on your account.
Okay
It looks like there are 10+ users currently using your wi-fi at the moment.
When was the last time you changed your wi-fi password?
Last year
Please try to change your password every few months.
Okay I will
Go ahead and change your password now, and let me know if that resolves the speed issues you are having.
Ok, I changed it. It seems to be faster now
Ok, I changed it.
It seems to be faster now
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all thanks
My Internet is on the fritz. For the past week it's been too slow to stream anything. Wondering if I can get this resolved ASAP
My Internet is on the fritz.
For the past week it's been too slow to stream anything.
Wondering if I can get this resolved ASAP
I'm happy to assist you. What's your account number?
I'm happy to assist you.
What's your account number?
654389
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Yep
Several times. Didn't help.
Several times.
Didn't help.
Okay . Let me look at your account
Okay .
Let me look at your account
Okay.
I see that you currently have 10 active users
.Did you know that?
No!
That would explain why...
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username. That should help.
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
That should help.
I will do that.
Have a great day
Hi I'm trying to pay my electricity bill. I think I typed in wrong password too many times and disabled my account.
Hi I'm trying to pay my electricity bill.
I think I typed in wrong password too many times and disabled my account.
What is your account number?
3635267
For verification purposes please verify your address.
14 brown rd new Windsor my 28437
Thank you for verifying . I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Thank you for verifying .
I have reset your account with a temporary password.
Please check your inbox for the instructions to reset it
Ok
Great . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay I reset.   Thanks for your help.
Okay I reset.
Thanks for your help.
No I'm good thank you.
Have a great day
Hi
My account has been hacked by someone
And they misused my account
I am disappointed with this that you have allowed to hack
Really I loved your service
But?
I have been your loyal customer since 2005
I am happy to look into this for you . What is your account number?
I am happy to look into this for you .
What is your account number?
I didn't expect this from your service
6789426001
What was the order and date charge
Order for $100 and 8th march
Okay. Thanks. Let me look into this for you.
Okay.
Thanks.
Let me look into this for you.
Could you please resolve this as soon as possible?
I see that charge . We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I see that charge .
We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
Okay
I can give you a full refund.
I am totally disappointed with your service
I am sorry that this happened to you. Please accept a 20% discount on your next order.
I am sorry that this happened to you.
Please accept a 20% discount on your next order.
I wish that it will not happen in future
Okay thank you
I have logged a ticket with our site security team. I suggest you also change your password and user name
I have logged a ticket with our site security team.
I suggest you also change your password and user name
Okay I wil do it
Thanks for your help
Sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you.  Have a great day.
Sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you.
Have a great day.
I have ordered a bookshelf from an online retailer . When I tried assembling one shelf is missing. Help me out in providing the missing shelf or replace the same with new
I have ordered a bookshelf from an online retailer .
When I tried assembling one shelf is missing.
Help me out in providing the missing shelf or replace the same with new
Hi Mohammed, I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I bring up your account.
Sure
I see here that you ordered the oak bookshelf. Is that correct?
I see here that you ordered the oak bookshelf.
Is that correct?
Yes
I will go ahead and send out the missing shelf today.
I'm also going to include a free book with that shipment.
Which book would you like me to send along? It can be anything.
Which book would you like me to send along?
It can be anything.
Ooh that's great . Oliver twist
Ooh that's great .
Oliver twist
Great. Both items have been ordered, and will ship out today.
Great.
Both items have been ordered, and will ship out today.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would rather prefer things getting delivered perfect in future
Nothing else thanks for the help . I will wait for shelf to arrive . Bye
Nothing else thanks for the help .
I will wait for shelf to arrive .
Bye
You are quite welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi. Can you help? I have no cell service all of a sudden.  Not sure what's up
Hi.
Can you help?
I have no cell service all of a sudden.
Not sure what's up
Still can connect to wifi
Need phone service back ASAP
Hi Sean, I'm happy to help you sort this out.
Thx
What is the phone number associated with the account you are having trouble with?
571-493-4647
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up, and it looks like your last payment did not go through.
Have you recently changed your billing address on the card used for payments?
Yes I did change address
Thought I changed it online last week
Should be
2851 N Oak Ave
Arlington VA 20336
Okay, so I just reran that payment and it went through with the new billing address.
You should be all set now. Expect the service on your cell phone to resume in the next 10 minutes or so.
You should be all set now.
Expect the service on your cell phone to resume in the next 10 minutes or so.
Thanks for that
Whew
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope!
All good now
Thank you, and have a great day!
Thanks
hi I ordered a bookshelf and I noticed upon assembling that one of the shelves is missing.  can you help me out with this issue?
hi I ordered a bookshelf and I noticed upon assembling that one of the shelves is missing.
can you help me out with this issue?
I am sorry to hear this and happy to assist. What's your order number?
I am sorry to hear this and happy to assist.
What's your order number?
great
I'm just missing one ahelf
shelf
What is the order number"
376374635
Thanks I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf
that's the one!
I will have a shelf overnighted to you
amazing thanks
You are welcome, have a great day
Hi the modem I purchased online said I was delivered today when I was at work but when I got home there was no modem anywhere I be found. Can you look into this for me?
Hi the modem I purchased online said I was delivered today when I was at work but when I got home there was no modem anywhere I be found.
Can you look into this for me?
What is the order number
6447854
I see that the deliver service left it in error at the door.
I will have another modem overnighted to you
Are you still there?
Great thank you
You are welcome , have a great day
Hello, hoping you can help me. The bookshelf I ordered is missing a shelf. Can I get that replaced?
Hello, hoping you can help me.
The bookshelf I ordered is missing a shelf.
Can I get that replaced?
I'm sorry to hear that. What's the order number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's the order number?
786-2000
I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf . Is that correct?
I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf .
Is that correct?
Yes
I will have the shelf overnighted to you.
Perfect! Thanks a lot!
Perfect!
Thanks a lot!
You are welcome have a great day
Hello. We were away this weekend and I just noticed that someone hacked our account with you
Hello.
We were away this weekend and I just noticed that someone hacked our account with you
They order over $100 in food on Sat
I am happy to look into this for you.  What's your account number
I am happy to look into this for you.
What's your account number
Our acct number is 815377
We order almost every week
Let me look into this for you, one moment.
Last legit order from us was 3/05
I see the $100 charge.
We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
Thank you for checking
I am authorized to credit your account the full amount.
Appreciate you doing that
I apologize for the inconvenience and would like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Oh wow
Thanks
You are welcome.
Have a great day
Hi, I ordered a book shelf and when It was delivered today and I started to put it together I noticed it is missing a shelf. Can you help me get a new one delivered?
Hi, I ordered a book shelf and when It was delivered today and I started to put it together I noticed it is missing a shelf.
Can you help me get a new one delivered?
Hi Marie, I'd be happy to help you get a new one delivered.
Please hold while I pull up your account.
Ok
It looks like you ordered the oak bookshelf. Is that correct?
It looks like you ordered the oak bookshelf.
Is that correct?
Yes
Great. I will have a new shelf sent out today.
Great.
I will have a new shelf sent out today.
Great thank you.
And, for your troubles, I'd like to include a book of your choice free of charge with your shipment.
Please let me know which book you'd like.
Awesome!  I would like Divergent
Awesome!
I would like Divergent
Of course.
You're all set. Expect that shelf and the book later this week.
You're all set.
Expect that shelf and the book later this week.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all
Thank you
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
You are quite welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi I just moved and I need to update my address. Also I need to place an order for a new installation.
Hi I just moved and I need to update my address.
Also I need to place an order for a new installation.
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to help you with both today.
What is your new address?
625 glades road, boca raton florida 33423
Thank you.
I have updated your address in our system. Now, let me check to make sure we provide service at that location.
I have updated your address in our system.
Now, let me check to make sure we provide service at that location.
Ok thanks
We do have service at your new home. I can schedule an install for later this week. Does Thursday at noon work for you?
We do have service at your new home.
I can schedule an install for later this week.
Does Thursday at noon work for you?
Yes that's perfect
Great. We'll see you then. Just to confirm, someone will be home at that time?
Great.
We'll see you then.
Just to confirm, someone will be home at that time?
Yes I will be there
Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all.
Thanks for your quality customer service.
You are welcome. Have a great day, Greg!
You are welcome.
Have a great day, Greg!
Hit
My internet speed is really slow. Can you help me troubleshoot?
My internet speed is really slow.
Can you help me troubleshoot?
I haven't been able to stream anything for a week.
Sure.  I can help you. What is your account number?
Sure.
I can help you.
What is your account number?
5457448
Have you tried rebooting your router?
No let me try that.
Let me know if that helps
This worked thanks!
Great . I am happy that we were able to resolve this problem quickly.
Great .
I am happy that we were able to resolve this problem quickly.
I do see that you have a payment overdue on your account.  Would you like me to take care of that for you now?
I do see that you have a payment overdue on your account.
Would you like me to take care of that for you now?
Yes go ahead and run my card on file.
Okay. It went through. Comfirmation number 344366222
Okay.
It went through.
Comfirmation number 344366222
Thanks
Have a great day
Hi. Anyone there?
Hi.
Anyone there?
Hi Dudaikiya, what can I help you with today?
I have an issue with my cellphone contract
Yesterday I have received an invoice for a new contract that I did not sign
It's completely bad
I'm happy to sort this out for you.
What is the cell phone number on the on the contract?
9876512340
Thanks.
Just to confirm, you did not open any account with us recently, correct?
Yes I didn
Okay . I have just suspended the service on the number you provided.
Okay .
I have just suspended the service on the number you provided.
I will also open a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Yes it's great
Thank you
In the event we need more information from you regarding this contract, a member of our team may contact you.
Yes it's pleasure
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
My internet speed is very slow and the problem began like a week ago. It is so bad that I am unable to even stream anything. I would like you to resolve this problem
My internet speed is very slow and the problem began like a week ago.
It is so bad that I am unable to even stream anything.
I would like you to resolve this problem
What is your account number?
It is 57477744
Have you tried rebooting your router?
No
Please try that now and let me know if that helps
Ok I just did it and it seem to be working now
Great . I am happy that we were able to resolve this problem quickly.
Great .
I am happy that we were able to resolve this problem quickly.
Thank you
I do see that you have a payment overdue on your account. Would you like me to take care of that for you now?
I do see that you have a payment overdue on your account.
Would you like me to take care of that for you now?
Ok
You can do it for me
Okay. It went through. Comfirmation number 344366222
Okay.
It went through.
Comfirmation number 344366222
Ok
Have a great day>
Hi.  It looks like you folks sent me an invoice for a cell contract.  I think by mistake
Hi.
It looks like you folks sent me an invoice for a cell contract.
I think by mistake
Never have signed up for service w you
Can you look into this?
Hi Sean, I'd be happy to look into this for you.
What is the cell phone number on the contract you received?
202-612-7161
Thank you.
And, just to confirm, you have not opened any account with us recently?
The area code is our metro area but inside city limits
No definitely not me
Okay. I have suspended service on that number.
Okay.
I have suspended service on that number.
I will also open a ticket to further investigate the matter.
Thanks
Should we need any more information from you, a service representative will contact you.
Ok
You should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You should be all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks for taking care of this
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day!
You are welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
Hello, none of my cable tv channels are working.
I can help you with this. What's your account number
I can help you with this.
What's your account number
4430872111
Have you tried rebooting the system
No. I will try that.
No.
I will try that.
Let me know if that helps.
Oh good it seems to be working now
Great . I am happy to see that we were able to resolve this issue quickly.
Great .
I am happy to see that we were able to resolve this issue quickly.
Thanks for your help
I see that you have a payment due as well. Can I put that through for you today?
I see that you have a payment due as well.
Can I put that through for you today?
Yes please do
Great . It went through . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Great .
It went through .
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day
I ordered a bookshelf online and on trying to assemble it I realised that there is a shelf missing. I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick up this one and deliver a new bookshelf
I ordered a bookshelf online and on trying to assemble it I realised that there is a shelf missing.
I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick up this one and deliver a new bookshelf
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
It looks like you ordered the oak version, is that correct?
Yes
A replacement shelf will be sent out this afternoon.
Ok that will be fine
I'd also like to send a book of your choice, free of charge, with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
Do you have twilight ?
We do! I will go ahead and include that choice in your shipment.
We do!
I will go ahead and include that choice in your shipment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you
No that will be all
Sorry for the inconvenience, and than you for your patience!
Have a wonderful day.
Hi I ordered a bookshelf online and upon assembly realized I am missing a shelf.  Can you send a new one please??
Hi I ordered a bookshelf online and upon assembly realized I am missing a shelf.
Can you send a new one please?
?
Okay. I can look into this for  you.
Okay.
I can look into this for  you.
whats the order number ?
474477
Did you order the 5-high oak bookshelf
Yes
Oops . I see that we sent you the 4-shelf model.
Oops .
I see that we sent you the 4-shelf model.
Did you start to assemble it yet
No I didn't. Just took parts out of box
No I didn't.
Just took parts out of box
Okay , I will have the correct bookshelf overnighted to you.
Would you like to keep the 4=high at a 70% discoutn?
Yes!  I'll do that
Yes!
I'll do that
:)
Great . I will bill your card on file if that's okay.
Great .
I will bill your card on file if that's okay.
Sure
Have a great day.
You too
Thanks
Hello
I have a problem with my cellphone service. Currently I am using wifi connection only to contact you
I have a problem with my cellphone service.
Currently I am using wifi connection only to contact you
I can help you with this. what is your cell number ?
I can help you with this.
what is your cell number ?
All services has been stopped without any notifications
9876512340
thank you for that information. Give me a moment to look into it
thank you for that information.
Give me a moment to look into it
Okay
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
But it had been paid and deducted from my bank account
I am having the payment receipt
Are you there?
I suggest that  you update your credit card information on our site and let me put it through again.
You will need to address the bank payment with the bank.
I will update my own
Could you please resolve this on your side?
Let me look into this further for you. Standby.
Let me look into this further for you.
Standby.
Okay
Okay. I see what happened. Your payment went to another account. It was a keying error on our end.
Okay.
I see what happened.
Your payment went to another account.
It was a keying error on our end.
I have corrected the information. You should see your phone back on in about 10 minutes
I have corrected the information.
You should see your phone back on in about 10 minutes
Yes can you please forward it to my account
Ok thank you
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks
You are welcome. Have a great day.
You are welcome.
Have a great day.
I hope you can help me out.  Was trying to log in and pay electric bill online and the system locked me out
I hope you can help me out.
Was trying to log in and pay electric bill online and the system locked me out
I think because I kept messing up my password
Hi Sean, I can help you with this problem.
Just need to get in and pay my bill
What is the username you are trying to log on with?
SeanG614
I have my acct number too
From last bill
725578255711
Thank you.
Okay, I have just reset your password.
You should received an email shortly with instructions on choosing a new password.
Very cool
Sorry abt that!
That is quite alright.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope
Thx
Thank you, and have a great day!
Hi I purchased tickets to see pink live at the Hollywood bowl on April 4th and when I got my credit statement it said I was charged twice.
I can help you with this. What's the order number?
I can help you with this.
What's the order number?
7755313100045
I see the order and see that it was our error. I will refund the second charge.
I see the order and see that it was our error.
I will refund the second charge.
Thank you
How long will it take to show up
?
It will show up in two days.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thank you
Have a great day
Hi. It looks like either you guys or fedex screwed up here.  Got a message that modem I ordered
Hi.
It looks like either you guys or fedex screwed up here.
Got a message that modem I ordered
Was delivered earlier
Just got home and it's not here
Hi Sean, I'm happy to look into this issue for you.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
Specifically indicated I wanted to sign for this!
I don
I don't see any notes from the delivery agent regarding the delivery.
I'm sorry that it was delivered without a signature requirement.
I will go ahead an open a ticket now to investigate this further.
Thanks for that
Tickets are usually concluded in 24-48 hours.
If you don't hear from a company representative in the next day or two, please contact us again.
Ok
Again, I apologize for the mess up. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, I apologize for the mess up.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'll give them a chance to fix it
Thank you.
Your patience is greatly appreciated.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
Have a great day.
Bye.
I was snowed in last night and missed my flight. I could not contact Acme to inform them I would miss my flight due to the storm. I need a new flight from anchorage Alaska to Seattle ASAP.
I was snowed in last night and missed my flight.
I could not contact Acme to inform them I would miss my flight due to the storm.
I need a new flight from anchorage Alaska to Seattle ASAP.
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to rebook you on a new flight.
May I please have your confirmation number.
A3SFGK
Thank you.
It looks like I can rebook you on flight 888, leaving AKG at 5pm this evening. Or, I can put you on flight 327, leaving AKG at 9am tomorrow morning.
It looks like I can rebook you on flight 888, leaving AKG at 5pm this evening.
Or, I can put you on flight 327, leaving AKG at 9am tomorrow morning.
No I need to leave today.
So please book me for this evening
No problem at all.
I see that you are a gold member. We do value your loyalty, and this rebook will be granted to you at no additional charge.
I see that you are a gold member.
We do value your loyalty, and this rebook will be granted to you at no additional charge.
I was hoping so. Thank you
I was hoping so.
Thank you
You should receive an email confirming the details of your new itinerary.
I just did
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope all set
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi.  Was wondering if something's up with our internet
Hi.
Was wondering if something's up with our internet
Has felt slow all week
Now it can't even stream online music
Hi Sean, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
The speed issues begin earlier this week?
Yes. Noticed it actually at end of last week
Yes.
Noticed it actually at end of last week
Have you tried restarting your modem and router?
No.  I can try that
No.
I can try that
Hold on
Any luck?
Ok definitely faster
Yeah night and day
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks for the tip
Of course. Have a great day! Bye.
Of course.
Have a great day!
Bye.
Hi
I have an error with my purchase on your shop
I have ordered a dining table with 6 chairs. Instead I received a table with 4 chsirs
I have ordered a dining table with 6 chairs.
Instead I received a table with 4 chsirs
4 chairs
I am sorry that you had this issue . I am happy to assist you. What's the order number?
I am sorry that you had this issue .
I am happy to assist you.
What's the order number?
5790041267
I want to send it back and to receive my original item
No problem at all.
Please hold while I pull up your order details.
How can I send you back?
No need to send it back. We will deliver the correct table at the same time that we pick up the incorrect table.
No need to send it back.
We will deliver the correct table at the same time that we pick up the incorrect table.
What day/time this week is convenient for you?
It's good to hear that. Wednesday this week. I will be available to pick up
It's good to hear that.
Wednesday this week.
I will be available to pick up
Wednesday at anytime
Great.
We will see you Wednesday at 3pm.
Okay great. Thank you
Okay great.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Again, sorry for the mess up. Have a wonderful day!
Again, sorry for the mess up.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi! Think I need some help. Putting together bookshelf I ordered last week and I think I'm missing a shelf piece
Hi!
Think I need some help.
Putting together bookshelf I ordered last week and I think I'm missing a shelf piece
Hi Sean, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your bookshelf.
Can a replacement get sent out?
Of course.
I can use the shelf minus one piece
I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf. Is that correct?
I see that you ordered the oak bookshelf.
Is that correct?
Yeah that's the one
Okay. I will send a replacement shelf out to you today.
Okay.
I will send a replacement shelf out to you today.
Excellent
I'd also like to include a book of your choice, free of charge, for the inconvenience this mistake has caused you.
Which book would you like?
Oh thanks
I'd love a copy of the new Stephen King
You got it.
Thanks!
Expect both the shelf and the book to arrive sometime later this week.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
Thanks so much!
You are quite welcome. Thank you for your patience. Have a wonderful day!
You are quite welcome.
Thank you for your patience.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi
Hi Dudaikiya, what can I help you with today?
My account has been hacked by someone. They hacked and ordered $100 of food items from my account
My account has been hacked by someone.
They hacked and ordered $100 of food items from my account
It's disgusting that you allowed to hack my account
I have been your premium customer
I'm sorry to hear that you're account was hacked, and I do apologize for the inconvenience.
Please wait while I pull up your account details.
Okay
I see the fraudulent charges, and am getting authorization from my supervisor now for a full refund.
This is my account number 7434688
I see you are a loyal customer, and I do want you to know that we appreciate your business.
Okay
So I just put the refund through. It should post to your account in 1-2 business days.
So I just put the refund through.
It should post to your account in 1-2 business days.
Yeah it's great thank you
Again, my apologies for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day!
I got a shipping notice that my new modem was delivered today to my house but when I got home it's not there.
Hi Jake, I'd be happy to look into this issue for you.
Thanks
I'm not seeing any notes from the delivery agent other than that it was delivered.
Have you looked around your property for the package?
I check all around my house and don't see t
Okay. I can put in a request for a ticket to start an investigation.
Okay.
I can put in a request for a ticket to start an investigation.
Tickets are usually resolved in 24 hours.
Ok. You will email me then?
Yes, you should hear from us via email or phone at the conclusion of the ticket.
If you don't hear from us by Thursday, please contact us again.
Ok thanks.
I apologize for the inconvenience, and thank you for your patience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Have a great day!
I purchased the oak Sierra dining room table. But I received the maple Sierra table. You need to remedy this and send the right item immediately.
I purchased the oak Sierra dining room table.
But I received the maple Sierra table.
You need to remedy this and send the right item immediately.
I am happy to help you with today. What is the order number?
I am happy to help you with today.
What is the order number?
5543200087
Let me look into this for you. One moment.
Let me look into this for you.
One moment.
Okay
I found the error in the delivery address. I apologize for the inconvenience.
I found the error in the delivery address.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I can have it to you by 3pm today. Does that work ?
I can have it to you by 3pm today.
Does that work ?
Okay I guess that will be fine.
Very good . I am glad we were able to resolve this. Again I apologize for the error.
Very good .
I am glad we were able to resolve this.
Again I apologize for the error.
They will pick up the wrong table when they deliver yours.
It's okay as long as they actually get me my table this time
Okay
Have a great day.
My internet has been really slow for like the past week. Can you help me with this?
My internet has been really slow for like the past week.
Can you help me with this?
Hi Jake, I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your internet service.
I'd be happy to help you.
Have you tried restarting your system since the troubles started?
No. How do I restart it?
No.
How do I restart it?
There is a button on the back of your modem/router. You'll need a pen or something of similar shape to press the button.
There is a button on the back of your modem/router.
You'll need a pen or something of similar shape to press the button.
After the restart is complete, let me know how it's working.
Any luck?
Yea that seems to have fixed it. Thanks.
Yea that seems to have fixed it.
Thanks.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
Thank you, and enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi
Hi Manuel, what can I help you with today?
I could not pay my eb bill
I'm sorry to hear that.
I tried so many times it has locked
What is the username you are trying to log on with?
Manuel468
And, do you remember the 4-digit security pin you chose when signing up for our online services?
Yes it's working. But the sever only lockrd
Yes it's working.
But the sever only lockrd
Okay, I have reset your passsword.
Password?
In a moment, you should received an email with instructions on how to choose a new password.
Please confirm that you have received this email.
Yes I have received
Great. Just follow the instructions, and you should be all set.
Great.
Just follow the instructions, and you should be all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay thank you
No thanks
You are quite welcome
Have a great day!
I am talking to you via wifi because my cell service went out. Please I need to resolve this fast I have a ton of work to do.
I am talking to you via wifi because my cell service went out.
Please I need to resolve this fast I have a ton of work to do.
I'm happy to assist you with this. What is your cell number?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What is your cell number?
9546510034
Thank you. I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
Thank you.
I pulled up your account and see that you made a payment on March 1st but it was declined.
That doesn't seem right. But let me just pay it now and I will check with my bank later
That doesn't seem right.
But let me just pay it now and I will check with my bank later
Should I put it through with the card on file?
Yes that one should work
No problem. I will try that again. Standby
No problem.
I will try that again.
Standby
Okay
I went through successfully this time. Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
I went through successfully this time.
Your service should be back up in about 10 minutes.
*it went through...
Great
Ok
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day.
I ordered a bookshelf and when I was assembling it I saw that I am missing a shelf.
Hi Jake, I'm sorry to hear that you appear to be missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Ok
I see that you ordered the mahogany bookshelf.
Is that correct?
Yes
Great. I will send out a new shelf this afternoon.
Great.
I will send out a new shelf this afternoon.
Cool. Thanks.
Cool.
Thanks.
I understand how frustrating mess ups like this can be, and would like to extend a special offer to you.
Please choose any book, and we will include it with your shelf shipment.
That sounds good. What is it?
That sounds good.
What is it?
Awesome. I like great gatsby
Awesome.
I like great gatsby
Excellent choice.
Both will ship this afternoon.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it thank you
Thank you for your patience and understanding.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi
My internet connection is very slow
I am happy to assist you with this today. What is your account number?
I am happy to assist you with this today.
What is your account number?
It's been for one week
46788999
Thank you . Have you tried rebooting your router?
Thank you .
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Yes I tried so many times
Okay . I pulled up your account . You currently have 10 active users. Are you aware of that?
Okay .
I pulled up your account .
You currently have 10 active users.
Are you aware of that?
No I have only 3 active users
Okay , then I suggest that you change your password and username. Once you do that reconnect all your devices. That should help.
Okay , then I suggest that you change your password and username.
Once you do that reconnect all your devices.
That should help.
Yes I will change
Is there any other reasons for slow connection ?
Not that I can see. But, if you would like a faster connection. I can upgrade your system with a 5X faster speed for $9.95 a  month. Would you like to do that?
Not that I can see.
But, if you would like a faster connection.
I can upgrade your system with a 5X faster speed for $9.95 a  month.
Would you like to do that?
Yes please upgrade
Fantastic. I have upgraded your account. You should see the faster speed within the hour/
Fantastic.
I have upgraded your account.
You should see the faster speed within the hour/
Okay thank you
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day.
I went away for the weekend and my online grocery account was hacked.
Hi Rob, I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Someone sent 100$ worth of coffee and pastries to a shop across town
Okay, I do see those charges.
How could this happen?
We recommend changing your password at least once a month to avoid issues like this.
Wow that seems very time consuming but I guess I will have to
Can I get my money back?
I understand that it seems like a lot, but it is the easiest way to ensure the security of your information.
Yes, I can refund you.
Alright well at least there is that
Normally we have a no refund policy, but since you have been such a loyal customer, I can make an exception in this case.
Do you file a police report or do I have to?
My manager has just authorize me to fully refund your account.
If you wish to file a police report, do so at your own will.
Okay
Again, my apologies for the inconvenience.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day!
Hi
Hi Manuel, what can I help you with today?
There is an missing shelf in my order while I trying to assemble
I'm sorry to hear that you are missing a shelf.
Please hold while I pull up your account details.
I see you ordered the oak bookcase. Is that correct?
I see you ordered the oak bookcase.
Is that correct?
Yed
Yes
A replacement shelf will be sent out to you this afternoon.
But in that there is an shelf mussing
Yeah it's great I didn expect this
I will be available on home to receive this week
And, for the inconvenience this has caused you, I'm going to include a free book with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
Sherlock homes
Thanks for this offer
You are quite welcome.
Both the shelf and the book will ship today.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Again, my apologies for the mess up. Have a wonderful day!
Again, my apologies for the mess up.
Have a wonderful day!
I have here a invoice from your company in my name for a phone line. However, I never started a line with Acme and I don't have a phone from you.
I have here a invoice from your company in my name for a phone line.
However, I never started a line with Acme and I don't have a phone from you.
I refuse to pay this bill.
Hi Rob, I am happy to resolve this issue for you.
What is the phone number on the invoice you received?
5613059135
Thank you.
This also say I have a 2 year contract. That can't be right it needs to be canceled.
This also say I have a 2 year contract.
That can't be right it needs to be canceled.
I understand.
Oh okay good. Thanks you.
Oh okay good.
Thanks you.
I have suspended the account, and opened a ticket to investigate the fraudulent account.
Should we need any more information from you regarding this issue, a member from our team will be in touch.
Is the investigation process long?
Okay
No, it should take no time at all.
Just to confirm, you haven't seen any charges on any of your accounts associate with the invoice you received?
Alright I will wait to hear from them
Well I will check my banks but the bill said the charges are outstanding.
Okay. Should you incur any charges, we'll be happy to refund them to you.
Okay.
Should you incur any charges, we'll be happy to refund them to you.
Okay
Again, I apologize for this mistake. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Again, I apologize for this mistake.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Have a wonderful day!
Hi
I have purchased an Internet modem online
I was delivered on door steps while I was on work
But the package was missed
I'm happy to assist.
What's your order number?
5689931288985
Thank  you for that information. Was there a note on your door from the delivery company?
Thank  you for that information.
Was there a note on your door from the delivery company?
No but I looked online
It needs signature when delivering the package
Okay. Let me look into this for you.
Okay.
Let me look into this for you.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I will overnight another modem to you.
It's great to hear that
Thank you very much
Yes , I will also log a ticket of inquiry with the delivery service to see why it was left.
Okay
You are welcome, have a great day.
I just ordered a new modem and said it was delivered but I never signed for it and it's not here.
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem. What is  your order number?
I'm sorry to hear that you had this problem.
What is  your order number?
55432245601
Let me look into this. One moment.
Let me look into this.
One moment.
Okay
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature. I apologize for that issue.
I see that it was delivered in error without a signature.
I apologize for that issue.
I will overnight another modem to you
Okay that will be fine
I will also refund the delivery charge for the inconvenience.
That's good
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
You're welcome.
Hi
I have purchased an book shelf. But it has a missing shelf
I have purchased an book shelf.
But it has a missing shelf
I did notice while I assemble
Anyone there?
I can help you.
Yes
What's your order number?
0552678
I see that you ordered the 5-high Oak bookshelf?
Can I get the New one?
Yes I ordered the same
Oh my , I see that you were delivered the 4 high shelf in error.
Yes you are right
since you already started to build it. Please keep that one and we'll over night the 5-high
since you already started to build it.
Please keep that one and we'll over night the 5-high
Oh great thank you
You are welcome.
I will be available in home this week
Thank you
Fantastic. It should be to you before noon tomorrow.
Fantastic.
It should be to you before noon tomorrow.
I was trying to log in and pay my electric bill
But my password didn't work
Now I'm Locked out
What is your account number? I will  help you.
What is your account number?
I will  help you.
55336777002
Thank you . For verification purposes please verify your address.
Thank you .
For verification purposes please verify your address.
825 post street, 91049
Thanks . I reset your account with a temporary password/
Thanks .
I reset your account with a temporary password/
Please look for instructions to reset it via email
Okay I think I typed mine wrong
It arrived
okay great . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
okay great .
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks
You are welcome.
Hi
Anyone ?
My internet speed is very slow
I am happy to assist you . What is your order?
I am happy to assist you .
What is your order?
I could not stream or browse anything
622890965
Thanks . Have you tried rebooting your router?
Thanks .
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Bi
Sorry I didn't try
Please try that now and let me know if that helps with the speed issues
Yes it's better now
But I could not get the high speed of my plan
Yes, would you like to up grade to the 5X speed option for $9.95 a month?
No I wil upgrade later on this month
Thanks for. Your help
Thanks for.
Your help
Okay. Have a great day.
Okay.
Have a great day.
My internet speed has been very slow for the past week. I can't even stream anything what is going on?
My internet speed has been very slow for the past week.
I can't even stream anything what is going on?
I am happy to assist. What is your account number?
I am happy to assist.
What is your account number?
00126653302
Thanks . Have you tried rebooting your router?
Thanks .
Have you tried rebooting your router?
Yes
Last week
Okay. Let me review your account.
Okay.
Let me review your account.
I see that you currently have 10 active users associated with your account. Were you aware of that?
I see that you currently have 10 active users associated with your account.
Were you aware of that?
No I was not
I suggest that you change your password and username and then reconnect your devices.
Olay
That should help your speed issues. You may also want to upgrade to the 5X speed for $9.95 a month
That should help your speed issues.
You may also want to upgrade to the 5X speed for $9.95 a month
It works now
No it's okay
Very good . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Very good .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
have a great day
Ho
Hello
I could not pay my eb bill due to server locked my account
Hey Jorge, I am able to assist you with this.
Yes please
Could you provide me with your account number?
95542346789
Ok, pulling up your account.
Ok
Ok, I see that you have been locked out. What I will need to do is verify your details before I will be able to authorize the password reset.
Ok, I see that you have been locked out.
What I will need to do is verify your details before I will be able to authorize the password reset.
Could you please provide me with your last four digits of your social security number and also your current address?
8765
12 Samuel drive Los Angeles 90016
Yes I have changed the password it's working now thank you
Great, thank.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
I ordered the pine scholars book shelf and I started building it but my bottom shelf is missing
O dear, I am sorry to hear that. Let me assist you with this.
O dear, I am sorry to hear that.
Let me assist you with this.
Ok I have pulled up your order.
You mentioned that it was the lower shelf? I will be able to order that for you. We have in stock
You mentioned that it was the lower shelf?
I will be able to order that for you.
We have in stock
Okay
Good
How long will it take to arrive?
One moment while I complete the order then I will be able to provide you with the details.
That's part Q right?
Yes that is part Q, you are correct.
I have ordered the part. It seems it will be delivered  in 2days.
I have ordered the part.
It seems it will be delivered  in 2days.
Does this suite you ?
It can't be overnighted?
Let me have a look, what I can organize.
Great, it seems we can overnight
Thanks good I want to finish this sooner than later
I have changed the order. It would be delivered to you tomorrow
I have changed the order.
It would be delivered to you tomorrow
Okay
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks
In that case, I hope you have a great day further.
Hi
I have purchased an Internet modem online
I was in Work when delivering the item. So they left the door steps
I was in Work when delivering the item.
So they left the door steps
But the item was missing when I reach home
Anyone there?
Hey I will be able to assist you with this.
Have you looked around the house or premises to see if any notes were left
Yes I looked around thoroughly
They offered a note when I looked online that the signature is needed when delivering
What should I do now?
One moment while I just verify who was responsible for the delivery
Okay
Ok I have phoned Bob. He mentioned that it was his mistake.  He took you package because he was scared it would be taken. But only after marking it as delievered
Ok I have phoned Bob.
He mentioned that it was his mistake.
He took you package because he was scared it would be taken.
But only after marking it as delievered
Okay great thank you
He has committed to having it delivered to you within the next hour.
Does this work for you?
Excellent it's good to hear I am waiting
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thsnks
I hope you have a great day further.
Hi. Just moved yesterday to my new place and transferring my internet service is the last thing on my to do list
Hi.
Just moved yesterday to my new place and transferring my internet service is the last thing on my to do list
I also need to update my billing to this address
Hey Sean, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you provide me with your new address?
Hey Sean, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your new address?
6124 Cedar Ave
Apt C
Arlington VA
20167
Thank you for that. I have updated your address.
Thank you for that.
I have updated your address.
I am currently just trying to establish if there was a problem with the delivery or if we packaged the wrong box
Sorry..
I am currently trying to see if we service your area
Thanks
Hope so
Great, we do service your area. I will be able to schedule the technician to come install the cable.
Great, we do service your area.
I will be able to schedule the technician to come install the cable.
Ok
Ok how does thursday between 2-5pm sound?
That will work
I will be here
Great . I have scheduled the appointment.
Great .
I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Thanks
I hope you have a great day further.
Help! I think our cable just died.  All channels are dead
Help!
I think our cable just died.
All channels are dead
Hey Sean, Let me assist you with this.
When did the problem begin?
Just now
Was watching and everything froze
Have you tried to reboot your system?
No
Just turn the box off and on?
Would you mind trying to reboot your device and see if this will help?
Ideally do a hard reset. Pull out the plug from the wall and put it back in.
Ideally do a hard reset.
Pull out the plug from the wall and put it back in.
Ok
Hey that actually worked
So happy
I am happy that helped. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am happy that helped.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Thanks for the help
No problem. I hope you have a great day further.
No problem.
I hope you have a great day further.
Hi. I bought tickets for the Capitals hockey game on March 30th this morning
Hi.
I bought tickets for the Capitals hockey game on March 30th this morning
I think you charged me twice
Hey Sean, Let me look into this for you.
Were these tickets purchased under your name?
Yes
My name
Transaction number is
71553782518
Great, the transaction number will help a lot.
Ok I have found the transaction and I see the very next transaction is also on your card and same amount.
Ok
I am sorry for this. Let me authorize the refund.
I am sorry for this.
Let me authorize the refund.
Thank you
Ok I have authorized the refund . You should see the balance within the next 2 days.
Ok I have authorized the refund .
You should see the balance within the next 2 days.
I'll be on the lookout for it
Great. Thank you for your patience.
Great.
Thank you for your patience.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hi. We completely missed our flight this morning.  Got snowed in over the weekend without power.
Hi.
We completely missed our flight this morning.
Got snowed in over the weekend without power.
Hi Sean, I'm sorry to hear you missed your flight.
We're just getting into Salt Lake City, trying to get back home to DC any way we can
We'd have called but phone was dead
I 'd be happy to look into getting you on a flight as soon as possible.
I completely understand. Let me see what I can do.
I completely understand.
Let me see what I can do.
Thanks so much!
Would you please provide me with the confirmation number for your itinerary.
Our original flight was United 712 to DC Dulles
We can return to any DC airport if it helps
Dulles Reagan or BWI
Okay, I'll see what I can do. Do you have your confirmation number so I can look up your original reservation?
Okay, I'll see what I can do.
Do you have your confirmation number so I can look up your original reservation?
Hmmm confirmation number is AGHYFT1
Thank you. Please hold momentarily while I pull up your information.
Thank you.
Please hold momentarily while I pull up your information.
My frequent flyer acct is 1765387618835
Okay, I can put you on a flight leaving Salt Lake City and arriving at BWI tomorrow morning at 9am, or there is an 11am flight to DCA.
The BWI flight is a red eye that leaves tonight at 11pm
Let's take that BWI red eye
Great. You are confirmed for flight 73, leaving BWI at 11pm.
Great.
You are confirmed for flight 73, leaving BWI at 11pm.
Please use your original confirmation number at the airport to retrieve your tickets.
Thanks so much
You should be receiving an email shortly with the rebooking information.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are quite welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thank you for your continued business, and have a safe trip home!
Good bye.
Hi. My dining table arrived and its the wrong one
Hi.
My dining table arrived and its the wrong one
I'm sorry to hear that you had that issue. What is your order number?
I'm sorry to hear that you had that issue.
What is your order number?
576447
I see that you ordered the oak 42" round. What did you receive?
I see that you ordered the oak 42" round.
What did you receive?
A coffee table
Let me look into this for you. Please bear with me for a moment.
Let me look into this for you.
Please bear with me for a moment.
I see what happened with our delivery. I can have your table delivered by 6pm this evening. Does that work for you?
I see what happened with our delivery.
I can have your table delivered by 6pm this evening.
Does that work for you?
Yes
Great. They will pick up the coffee table when they deliver yours.
Great.
They will pick up the coffee table when they deliver yours.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all
Thanks and have a nice day.
Hi I recently purchased a new dining room table online.  It looks like the wrong table was sent to me. :(
Hi I recently purchased a new dining room table online.
It looks like the wrong table was sent to me.
:(
I'm sorry to hear that you had that issue. What is your order number?
I'm sorry to hear that you had that issue.
What is your order number?
4736478
I see that you ordered the oak 42" round table. What did you receive?
I see that you ordered the oak 42" round table.
What did you receive?
This one is painted black.
I wanted the oak finish.
It goes better with my other furniture
Okay, thanks for that information. We'll certainly get you the right table. Let me see what the issue is.
Okay, thanks for that information.
We'll certainly get you the right table.
Let me see what the issue is.
I found the delivery error. I can have it to you by the end of the day today. Does that work for you?
I found the delivery error.
I can have it to you by the end of the day today.
Does that work for you?
Yes that would be great.
Very good. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Very good.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you for the help
You are welcome.
Hey acme, I ordered a table, and when I received it, it was the wrong table. Can you figure out what's wrong with my order?
Hey acme, I ordered a table, and when I received it, it was the wrong table.
Can you figure out what's wrong with my order?
I need the right table
Hi Corey, I'm sorry to hear you received the wrong table.
Please hold while I pull up your account and order details.
Ok
Would you please describe the table that you received/
The one I received was a metal round table
And you ordered the teak dining room set, correct?
Yes
Okay, I will go ahead and have the correct table shipped out immediately.
Great thanks
Again, I sincerely apologize for the mess up.
No problem
Thanks!
I also need to schedule a pick up of the wrong table. Please choose a day/time that is convenient for the pick up.
I also need to schedule a pick up of the wrong table.
Please choose a day/time that is convenient for the pick up.
How about tomorrow at 4p
We will be there tomorrow at 4pm to pick up the metal round table.
Sounds great
You can expect delivery of the correct table later this week.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful day!
My cell phone service just stopped working
Hi Richard, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is the number of the phone for which you are experiencing issues?
3189887676
Thank you.
Let me take a minute to look at your account, and get to the bottom of the issues you are having.
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Would you like to try a different credit card, or should I rerun the original now?
Ahh
Sure
Rerun original
I just deposited some money
Great. It looks like the payment just went through.
Great.
It looks like the payment just went through.
You should be all set.
Awesome
Your cell service should be back up and running within the next 10 minutes or so.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all
Thank you, and have a great day!
Hi my cell phone service just cut out. Can you help me troubleshoot the issue?
Hi my cell phone service just cut out.
Can you help me troubleshoot the issue?
Sure. I'll be happy to assist you. What is your cell number?
Sure.
I'll be happy to assist you.
What is your cell number?
5185982458
Thank you. Let me take a look at your account.
Thank you.
Let me take a look at your account.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Oh I guess my paycheck had not gone through yet. Can you try to run the card again?
Oh I guess my paycheck had not gone through yet.
Can you try to run the card again?
Certainly. I'm happy to do that.
Certainly.
I'm happy to do that.
Okay . It went through this time . your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
Okay .
It went through this time .
your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
Perfect. Thank you.  Sorry about that!
Perfect.
Thank you.
Sorry about that!
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist  you with today?
No problem.
Is there anything else I can assist  you with today?
No thank you.
You are welcome, have a great day.
Acme, my cell phone service just stopped working out of nowhere. Thank god I'm getting wifi. I've got a lot of work to do and need you to figure out what's wrong
Acme, my cell phone service just stopped working out of nowhere.
Thank god I'm getting wifi.
I've got a lot of work to do and need you to figure out what's wrong
Hi Corey, I can help you resolve this situation.
Good
May I have the phone number for the phone you are having difficulty with?
997-675-5643
Thank you.
I have your account pulled up, and unfortunately, it looks like your last payment was declined by your bank.
Crap
Can I send cash?
No, but if you believe this was a mistake, I can try to rerun your card.
Ok try
It looks like the payment went through.
I have just updated the status of your account. You should be all set now.
I have just updated the status of your account.
You should be all set now.
Yes! Perfect! Thanks
Yes!
Perfect!
Thanks
Your cell service should be back to normal in 10 mins or so.
Sounds good
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi I bought a new dining table  online and they sent me the wrong table. I really need help  getting the right order
Hi I bought a new dining table  online and they sent me the wrong table.
I really need help  getting the right order
Hi Love, I'm sorry to hear you received the wrong table.
Please hold while I pull up your order and account details.
Thanks I would appreciate it if you can tell me what is happening with my order
I see that you ordered the oak table. Did you not receive that piece?
I see that you ordered the oak table.
Did you not receive that piece?
Not at all I got a patio table that you have to build which is absurd because I don't even have a patio
Again, my apologies for the error.
I can have the correct table to you overnighted.
That works I still have the wrong one in package
Yes, I know. I will schedule a pick up whenever it is convenient for you. Please let me know a good time this week.
Yes, I know.
I will schedule a pick up whenever it is convenient for you.
Please let me know a good time this week.
Alright Wednesday any time between 2pm and 6 pm works for me
Great. We will schedule the pick up during that time period.
Great.
We will schedule the pick up during that time period.
Perfect that's a relief
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
Thank you for your patience, and have a great afternoon!
You do the same
It appears my account was hacked and someone ordered $100 worth of food
Hi Richard, I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold while I pull up your order information.
Ok
I have your account pulled up, and I see the charged you are referring to.
I also see that you are a very loyal customer.
Thank you for your business.
Very loyal
Your welcome
We do not usually refund our customers' accounts, however, being that you are a valued customer, I can help you sort this out.
Please hold while I talk to my supervisor.
Ok thanks
So my supervisor has just authorized a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
Awesome
You should be all set.
Is there anything else you need assistance with?
That's all
Thank you for your understanding, and your continued business.
Have a great day!
I recently ordered a dining table online, and today I just received it. The only problem is, it is not the one I ordered. Can you help me? I want to return this and have the right table be sent to me.
I recently ordered a dining table online, and today I just received it.
The only problem is, it is not the one I ordered.
Can you help me?
I want to return this and have the right table be sent to me.
Of course, I can assist you. What's our order number?
Of course, I can assist you.
What's our order number?
7658763
Thanks . I see you ordered the oak 42" table. What did you receive?
Thanks .
I see you ordered the oak 42" table.
What did you receive?
I received a glass top table. It's nice, but not what I wanted
I received a glass top table.
It's nice, but not what I wanted
I understand. I see where the error was in the delivery. I can have your table to you by the end of the day today. Does that work for you?
I understand.
I see where the error was in the delivery.
I can have your table to you by the end of the day today.
Does that work for you?
Wow that fast, yeah that would be excellent
It was our error so we want to rectify it as quickly as possible.
I appreciate it
I'll be here all day so anytime today will be fine
Great . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Great .
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Nope you helped a lot
Thank you
You're welcomet
Hi I recently went away for the weekend and came back and noticed someone hacked my online food ordering account.
They spent $100 at a local coffee shop.  Can I get this refunded since these are fraudulent charges and I have been such a loyal customer?
They spent $100 at a local coffee shop.
Can I get this refunded since these are fraudulent charges and I have been such a loyal customer?
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is your account number?
263632
I see the $ 100 charge . unfortunately the company does
I see the $ 100 charge .
unfortunately the company does
not offer refunds on online orders
Can you please escalate this to a manager.  I feel acme is partially responsible that my account hacked and I have been such a loyal customer!
Can you please escalate this to a manager.
I feel acme is partially responsible that my account hacked and I have been such a loyal customer!
Yes, Stand by.
Hi, I'm Jean the manager. I see that you are a loyal customer.
Hi, I'm Jean the manager.
I see that you are a loyal customer.
Hi jean
I am happy to refund the $100 to you.
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
Great thank you and will do!
Have a great day.
Acme, I just came back from vacation and see that a charge for $100 was taken from my online food ordering service. I did not make this order, and I can't believe that you would let that order take place. I need this fixed immediately
Acme, I just came back from vacation and see that a charge for $100 was taken from my online food ordering service.
I did not make this order, and I can't believe that you would let that order take place.
I need this fixed immediately
I'm sorry to hear that. What is your account number?
I'm sorry to hear that.
What is your account number?
336758
I see the $ 100 charge . unfortunately the company does

not offer refunds on online orders
I see the $ 100 charge .
unfortunately the company does

not offer refunds on online orders
Well I didn't authorize this order. It went to a local coffee house
Well I didn't authorize this order.
It went to a local coffee house
I'm a loyal customer I think you should make this right
Yes, I see that you are a loyal customer. I will speak to my supervisor.
Yes, I see that you are a loyal customer.
I will speak to my supervisor.
Ok
I am able to give you the full credit.
Yes. Thank you sir
Yes.
Thank you sir
You are welcome. I suggest that you change your password and username.
You are welcome.
I suggest that you change your password and username.
Will do
Is there anything else?
No thanks
Have a great day
Hi. I hope you can help me. My cellphone service stopped working. It was okay earlier, but now I can't make calls or texts.
Hi.
I hope you can help me.
My cellphone service stopped working.
It was okay earlier, but now I can't make calls or texts.
I'm happy to assist. What is your cell number?
I'm happy to assist.
What is your cell number?
7024478900
Thank you . I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Thank you .
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
What? Really.
What?
Really.
I had no idea
Would you like me to run it again?
Please do
Okay. Just a moment.
Okay.
Just a moment.
Will I be charged a late fee because of this?
No, I can waive that for you.
What a relief
your service should be back on in 10 minutes.
Ok that's good to know
I'm sorry to for not realizing a had a declined payment
That is okay . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is okay .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No you did all you can to help
Thank you
You are welcome.
Hi I just opened my mailbox and I have ah unexpected invoice from a cellphone provider I never signed up with.  Can you look into this and please cancel!
Hi I just opened my mailbox and I have ah unexpected invoice from a cellphone provider I never signed up with.
Can you look into this and please cancel!
Hi Gred, I can definitely look into this for you.
May I have the phone number associated with the invoice you received?
5185982458
Thank you. Let me pull up the information I have in our system for that number.
Thank you.
Let me pull up the information I have in our system for that number.
Okay, so I have suspended service on that line.
Thank you
In addition, I have opened a ticket of inquiry.
We will perform an investigation and get to the bottom of this.
Great
Should you incur any charges to any of your accounts related to this invoice, we will gladly refund you.
Okay
At this point, you're all set. We may call you to follow up on the investigation, but other than that, please disregard the invoice.
At this point, you're all set.
We may call you to follow up on the investigation, but other than that, please disregard the invoice.
Okay perfect thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.
Thank you for your understanding, and have a great day!
Hi. Just got an invoice in the mail for a contract I didn't open
Hi.
Just got an invoice in the mail for a contract I didn't open
I can help . What is the cell number associated with that contract
I can help .
What is the cell number associated with that contract
345-467-3424
The name on the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
The name on the contract is under the name john smith.
Do you know that person?
Nope
Okay . I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Okay .
I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry.
Ok thanks
You're not responsible for this. It will be handled by our security team.
You're not responsible for this.
It will be handled by our security team.
Ok
have a great day
Hello my cellphone service just dropped out of nowhere! I am using wifi can you please tell me what is the problem and how fast can we fix it I'm swamped today I need my phoneThank you
Hello my cellphone service just dropped out of nowhere!
I am using wifi can you please tell me what is the problem and how fast can we fix it I'm swamped today I need my phoneThank you
Hi Love, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cell service.
Would you please provide me with your phone number?
Yes it's 9543638420
Thank you.
I see that there is some suspicious activity happening with this account.
I have gone ahead and suspended the line.
Suspicious activity ?
It appears your last payment was declined.
I could have at least been notified before you took the liberty to suspend my line
Also I don't see how that is suspicious if I was notified I would have resolved it
I'm sorry Love. If you feel this was a mistake, I can go ahead and rerun your original payment method.
I'm sorry Love.
If you feel this was a mistake, I can go ahead and rerun your original payment method.
Please do the bank would have notified me if there was a problem with my account
Good news, the payment was successful.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I have reactivated your service, and it should be up and running in the next 10 minutes or so.
That's fine it says connected
I really hope this doesn't happen again and thank you for fixing it
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You are quite welcome.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks have a good day
Same to you!
Hey acme, I received an invoice in the mail today for a cell account that I never opened. Can you assist me in canceling/stopping this account
Hey acme, I received an invoice in the mail today for a cell account that I never opened.
Can you assist me in canceling/stopping this account
Hi Corey, I'd be happy to help you out in sorting this out.
What is the phone number associated with the invoice?
Ok
356-898-3443
Thanks.
Please hold while I pull up that line in our system.
Ok
I have gone ahead and suspended that line.
I have also initiated an investigation.
Great
Have you noticed any charged on any of your accounts related to this invoice?
Not yet thankfully
I'm happy to hear that.
Yeah me too
Should we need any information from you regarding this fraudulent invoice, a member from our team will reach out to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
Thanks
Have a great day!
Hi. Have a problem with the dining table you guys just delivered
Hi.
Have a problem with the dining table you guys just delivered
Bought it last week online but this is def not the right table
I can help you with this issue. What is the order number?
I can help you with this issue.
What is the order number?
7193729177
thank you. Let me look into this for you.
thank you.
Let me look into this for you.
Thanks
I see that you order the Black 42" rectangular table. What did you receive?
I see that you order the Black 42" rectangular table.
What did you receive?
Yes this table is a white 40" round
That was delivered
Oh my, that is different.
Yes. Looks like someone put a sticker on the name on the box
Yes.
Looks like someone put a sticker on the name on the box
I see the delivery error.  I can have another one overnighted this evening for delivery tomorrow by noon.
I see the delivery error.
I can have another one overnighted this evening for delivery tomorrow by noon.
Ok
That works
Can they pick up this one too?
Great. I will email you the return sticker. Place it on the box and the delivery service will take it when they deliver yours.
Great.
I will email you the return sticker.
Place it on the box and the delivery service will take it when they deliver yours.
Thanks!
Appreciate the help
You are welcome.
Hello, I recently purchased a table on your website and it got delivered today, but it is the wrong table. Can you help me with this?
Hello, I recently purchased a table on your website and it got delivered today, but it is the wrong table.
Can you help me with this?
Hi Kevin, I'd be happy to help you with this.
Please hold on while I pull up the details of your account/order.
Okay, take your time
I see that you ordered the oak table. Is that not what you received?
I see that you ordered the oak table.
Is that not what you received?
No, I got sent a similar table but with different inlays and a glass top
Okay, sorry for the mistake.
I will go ahead and have the right table sent out to you first thing tomorrow morning.
I will also need to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table. What day/time this week is convenient for you?
I will also need to schedule a pick up for the incorrect table.
What day/time this week is convenient for you?
Okay, that is fine. Friday is probably the best day for me. Any time in the afternoon-evening
Okay, that is fine.
Friday is probably the best day for me.
Any time in the afternoon-evening
We will see you Friday at 4pm.
Again, my apologies for the shipping mistake.
Okay, thank you very much.
It's no problem
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are quite welcome
No, that is it. Thank you for your help
No, that is it.
Thank you for your help
Have a great day!
Hello, can I get some assistance. I just noticed my food ordering account has been hacked. I'm seeing a charge here for $100 dollars that I did not make. I'm so upset and terrified that I was a victim.
Hello, can I get some assistance.
I just noticed my food ordering account has been hacked.
I'm seeing a charge here for $100 dollars that I did not make.
I'm so upset and terrified that I was a victim.
I can help you . What is your account number?
I can help you .
What is your account number?
782245680
I see the $ 100 order . We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do.
I see the $ 100 order .
We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do.
Yea, I've been with this company for many years and have not encountered an issue like this till now. Very scary
Yea, I've been with this company for many years and have not encountered an issue like this till now.
Very scary
I am authorized to credit your account for the $100.
I have logged a ticket with our site security team. They will invesigate it.
I have logged a ticket with our site security team.
They will invesigate it.
What can you recommend I do to prevent another attack?
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
That makes sense. Ok I'll do that
That makes sense.
Ok I'll do that
Very good. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Very good.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all
Thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
You saved my day
Thanks!
Hi I need some help w my phone. Won't let me call out or receive calls
Hi I need some help w my phone.
Won't let me call out or receive calls
Only wifi works
I am on tech support duty with it all day
I can help you. What's your cell number?
I can help you.
What's your cell number?
571-493-4647
I pulled up your account.
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined
Hmm
If you think that is an error, I can try and rerun it for you.
I have a backup card on file too
Either one should work
Okay. Let me try the first.
Okay.
Let me try the first.
It did go through this time. Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
It did go through this time.
Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
Ok
Whew
Thanks
For the help
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hi, I was away for the weekend and now my food account was hacked. Somebody order more than 100$ worth of food online on my account and had it delivered to a coffee shop! How can this happen? I've been a customer for years! Is there anything you can do about this?
Hi, I was away for the weekend and now my food account was hacked.
Somebody order more than 100$ worth of food online on my account and had it delivered to a coffee shop!
How can this happen?
I've been a customer for years!
Is there anything you can do about this?
Hi Love, let me look into this matter for you.
Thanks
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Sure
Okay, I'm seeing the charges you are referring to.
These are absolutely not my doing
Normally, in this situation, it's our company's policy not to refund accounts, but I can make an exception since I see you are a very loyal customer.
Yes thank you that seems fair
My supervisor has just authorized a full refund for the fraudulent charges.
I appreciate it
You should see a refund post to your account with a few business days.
Perfect
Feel free to contact us again if you don't see it soon.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Will do thank you no that's it
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I just received in my mailbox this invoice explaining a contract that I "supposedly" signed for. The problem is I did not. Can you help me.
I just received in my mailbox this invoice explaining a contract that I "supposedly" signed for.
The problem is I did not.
Can you help me.
Hi Brian, I'd be happy to sort this out for you.
Thanks
What is the number associated with the contract?
3489511
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up the information we have on file for this line.
Sure thing
Okay, I have gone ahead and suspended this number.
That's a relief
And, I will put out a ticket to start an investigation into this matter.
Ok
You should be all set.
I hope they can find out how that happened
However, please check your bank statement to make sure you have no charges associated with this contract.
To prevent future cases
I will do that
So far no charges I see, that's good to know
Good to hear.
Thanks again for your help
If we need any other information from you, we will do a follow up.
You should be all set though.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, you've done everything for me
Thank you
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day!
You are quite welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
Hello, I just noticed that my 3G service is no longer working on my phone. However, wifi is working fine. Can you help me with this issue?
Hello, I just noticed that my 3G service is no longer working on my phone.
However, wifi is working fine.
Can you help me with this issue?
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry you are having trouble with your cell service.
What is your cell phone number?
It's alright. I'm at home now so it's not affecting me at the moment
It's alright.
I'm at home now so it's not affecting me at the moment
My number is 5404195681
Thank you.
I have your information up, and it appears that you are late on payments. Your last payment was declined for some reason.
I have your information up, and it appears that you are late on payments.
Your last payment was declined for some reason.
Hmm, that's odd. Let me check my bank records real quick
Hmm, that's odd.
Let me check my bank records real quick
If you believe this was a mistake, I can try processing the payment again.
I don't see a charge to my account, could you possibly try it again?
I just ran your card again, and it was successful this time around.
You are all paid up, and your service should resume in the next 10 minutes or so.
That is strange. But great! Thank you for your help
That is strange.
But great!
Thank you for your help
You are welcome. Have a great day!
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
Not sure if you can do anything but while we were on holiday this last weekend someone hacked our account
The acct we have w you.  They ordered $100 worth of food on Saturday. Says it was delivered to a coffee shop
The acct we have w you.
They ordered $100 worth of food on Saturday.
Says it was delivered to a coffee shop
Hi Sean, I'm sorry to hear your account was hacked.
I will look into this immediately.
Thanks
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
Our last order was on the 4th
Okay, I see the $100 charge.
Our bank told us to call you
In instances like this, we normally don't refund customer accounts. However, I see that you are a loyal customer.
In instances like this, we normally don't refund customer accounts.
However, I see that you are a loyal customer.
Awesome
Wow
Let me check with my manager to see what I can do.
Anything you can do
Would be great
So I've just been authorized to refund you for the full amount of the fraudulent charges.
You should be all set.
Thank you for your patience, and understanding.
You folks are the best
Thanks so much
You're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Okay then, have a great day! And, thank you for your continued business.
Okay then, have a great day!
And, thank you for your continued business.
Hello, you guys mailed me an invoice for a contract I never signed with your cellphone service
I can assist you with this . What is the cell number associated with the contract
I can assist you with this .
What is the cell number associated with the contract
It's 9543638420
Thanks. Let me look into this.
Thanks.
Let me look into this.
Thank you
I see that the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know this person?
I see that the contract is under the name john smith.
Do you know this person?
Not at all
Okay. I will suspend the number and log a ticket of inquiry with our security team.
Okay.
I will suspend the number and log a ticket of inquiry with our security team.
You are not responsible for anything. But, if they have any questions. they will reach out to you.
You are not responsible for anything.
But, if they have any questions.
they will reach out to you.
Sounds good
is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it thank you
You're welcome.
Have a nice day.
Hello.  Not sure if this is the right dept.
Hello.
Not sure if this is the right dept.
Just got a cellphone service invoice in regular mail
I am not a customer.  Never have signed up for svc w you
I am not a customer.
Never have signed up for svc w you
Hi Sean, I can look into this for you.
I'm locked into my current plan
Thanks
What is the phone number associated with the service invoice?
703-893-1034 is number on this contract
Thank you.
Let me pull up that line in our system.
Thanks
Okay, so it does look like there is indeed some suspicious activity going on with that number/account.
I have froze the account.
Thank you
Glad we caught it!
In addition, I have requested a ticket inquiry to find out what happened here.
Ok
Should we need any more information from you, myself or one of the my fellow team members will be in touch with you.
That's fine
Before I leave you, would you please check your bank statements to make sure you haven't been incorrectly billed for usage related to this invoice?
It looks like my actual acct is fine
Great news.
You should be all set then.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention. Have a wonderful day!
Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi
Hi Salazar, what can I help you with today?
I have an issue with my online purchase
I have received a wrong dining table from your website
I'm sorry to hear that.
Please hold on a minute while I pull up your account information.
Ok this is my order number 08643256780
Please check and let me know how to replace my order
I see that you ordered the oak table, is that correct/
Yes right
Okay, I will have the oak one sent out first thing tomorrow.
In the meantime, let's set up a pick up for that incorrect table.
What is a good day/time for the pick up to take place?
Yes it's great to hear this from you
Tomorrow it will be convenient
Can I expect tomorrow ?
Yes, is tomorrow at 4pm good for you?
It's good
Thanks for your help
You are quite welcome.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No problem thank you
No thanks
Have a great day@
Hello I ordered a table from you guys and you sent me the wrong one
I'm sorry this happened. What's your order number?
I'm sorry this happened.
What's your order number?
It's 1053
Thanks. Let me look it up.
Thanks.
Let me look it up.
Thank you
I see that you ordered the Black lacquer table. What did you receive?
I see that you ordered the Black lacquer table.
What did you receive?
I have an oak table here
Okay. I see the delivery error. I can have your table to you by the end of the day. Does that work for you>
Okay.
I see the delivery error.
I can have your table to you by the end of the day.
Does that work for you>
Yes I'm home all day
Great. Because this was our error, I will credit the delivery charge back to you.
Great.
Because this was our error, I will credit the delivery charge back to you.
I appreciate it
Can you also send someone anytime tomorrow to pick up the wrong table ?
They will also pick up the table you have now.
Oh okay perfect
That solves it thank you
Have a great day.
Hello, I just got home from vacation and I saw that my online food ordering account was charged for over $100 and sent to an address that I don't know. I didn't authorize this payment. Can you help me with this?
Hello, I just got home from vacation and I saw that my online food ordering account was charged for over $100 and sent to an address that I don't know.
I didn't authorize this payment.
Can you help me with this?
I can look into this for you. What's your account number
I can look into this for you.
What's your account number
My account number is 4899375
I see the $ 100 charge . We normally don't  offer any refunds for online orders,  but i see that you are a very loyal customer
I see the $ 100 charge .
We normally don't  offer any refunds for online orders,  but i see that you are a very loyal customer
I will talk to my supervisor
Okay, thank you very much for the help.
I can credit the $ 100 . Please change your password and username.
I can credit the $ 100 .
Please change your password and username.
Thank you! And I will do that as soon as possible
Thank you!
And I will do that as soon as possible
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No, that is it. Thanks
No, that is it.
Thanks
I am happy we were able to resolve this issue.
Hello, good afternoon. I just moved to a new apartment, and I would like to place an order for new installations.
Hello, good afternoon.
I just moved to a new apartment, and I would like to place an order for new installations.
Hi Tiffanie, is this in regards to your cable/internet service?
Yes, my apologies for not being specific
Perfectly alright.
May I have your new address?
47 cartington drive, Henderson NV 89074
Thank you.
I have updated your new address in our system.
Ok
Let me double check to make sure we provide service at your new location.
Ok
Great news . We do service your area.
Great news .
We do service your area.
I'd like to set you up with an installation appointment.
Which day this week is good for you?
That's a relief, I did not want to move to a new provider
Any day of the week, after 12pm is fine
How about Thursday from 12pm-3pm?
Perfect
Just have your staff call me when they are on their way
Will do.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, you did all for me
Thank you again
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi I just moved to a new apartment and need to update my address.
I also need to get cabling installed as it's not set up here
I can help. What's your new address?
I can help.
What's your new address?
65 46th at New York ny 10022
We do service your area . the next available appointment is march 13th in the morning. Does that work?
We do service your area .
the next available appointment is march 13th in the morning.
Does that work?
I can't do that. Do you have anything else available. I'll be back from vacation on the 14th
I can't do that.
Do you have anything else available.
I'll be back from vacation on the 14th
Does March 16th work?
Yes
Great , morning or afternoon?
Afternoon please
Okay please make sure someone is home between noon and 4p.
Okay I will be here personally.
Great. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
Have a great day.
I recently relocated from my apartment and would like to place an order for a new internet installation as my new address does not have the required cabling.
What is your new address?
It is 665 , temple road , New York
Okay . Let me see if we service that area
Okay .
Let me see if we service that area
Ok
We do . The next available appointment is march 13th. Does that work?
We do .
The next available appointment is march 13th.
Does that work?
Ok that will be fine
morning or afternoon
Morning
Okay . Please make sure that someone is home between 9a and noon.
Okay .
Please make sure that someone is home between 9a and noon.
Yes I will be present at that time
Great. You are confirmed. fo rMaRch 13th.
Great.
You are confirmed.
fo rMaRch 13th.
Thank you
for March 13th between 9a and noon.
Ok
you are welcome have a great day
Hi my phone service stopped without notice I'm on wifi and really need my service back
Okay, I can assist. What's your cell number?
Okay, I can assist.
What's your cell number?
It's 5611234567
Let me take a look.
Thanks
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
I'm not sure why that happened I have no problem paying I just need my service back
Would you like me to 

rerun the payment?
Yes please
I put it through and it worked this time . Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
I put it through and it worked this time .
Your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
It's back on I see it thanks for your help have a great day
Great . I am glad we were able to resolve this issue.
Great .
I am glad we were able to resolve this issue.
Hi
Hi Salazar, what can I help you with today?
My internet has stopped working unexpectedly
I did not receive any prior notice
Now I am using wifi access
Is the trouble you're having related to your cell phone?
No mobile is not the problem. It may be the problem on your side
No mobile is not the problem.
It may be the problem on your side
Okay, let me take a look at our system. In the meantime, have you tried restarting your modem?
Okay, let me take a look at our system.
In the meantime, have you tried restarting your modem?
Yes I tried
Okay, it looks like like we are having some technical issues on our end.
We hope to have them resolved by the end of the day.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
It's good thank you
No problem
Thanks
If you are still experiencing trouble this evening, please contact us.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks
Thank you for your understanding and patience. Have a great day!
Thank you for your understanding and patience.
Have a great day!
Hi, can I get assistance? There seems to be a problem with my cable. I'm receiving no signal for all my channels.
Hi, can I get assistance?
There seems to be a problem with my cable.
I'm receiving no signal for all my channels.
Hi Tiffanie, I'm sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable service.
When did the problem begin?
About an hour ago
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
I don't know how can you guide me?
Just press and hold the power button for 5 seconds, and then release.
Let me know if that solves the problem.
Ok let me try
Any luck?
No unfortunately
Could my cable box be broken?
Let me check our system for any reported technical issues.
Ok
It looks like we have some scheduled maintenance happening right now.
We expect your service to be back to normal shortly.
Ahh I see
That's good to know
I apologize for the inconvenience . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I apologize for the inconvenience .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No you have solved my mystery
Thank you
Thank you, and have a great day!
None of my Tv channels are working. I would like you to assist me on this
None of my Tv channels are working.
I would like you to assist me on this
Hi Somesh, I'd be happy to help you out.
When did you first notice the issue?
2 days ago
Okay. Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
Okay.
Have you tried rebooting your cable box?
No. Will that help ?
No.
Will that help ?
It may. Try it and let me know.
It may.
Try it and let me know.
Okay I just did it and it seem to be working now
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today>
No that will be all
Have a great dayQ
Hello, I just looked through my mail and found that I got an invoice from a cellphone provider for a contract that I do not recognize. I'm not sure what to do with this or why it's addressed to me. Can you help with this?
Hello, I just looked through my mail and found that I got an invoice from a cellphone provider for a contract that I do not recognize.
I'm not sure what to do with this or why it's addressed to me.
Can you help with this?
I can look into this for you . What is the cell number associated with that contract
I can look into this for you .
What is the cell number associated with that contract
9802248441
Okay. Let me pull up that account.
Okay.
Let me pull up that account.
Okay.
I see the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know that person?
I see the contract is under the name john smith.
Do you know that person?
I don't.
Okay, I have suspended the number and logged a ticket of inquiry with the security team.
Okay. What should I do with the invoice?
Okay.
What should I do with the invoice?
The team will reach out to you directly should they need more information.
Okay. Thank you for your help.
Okay.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hello I was on vacation for the weekend and someone hacked my online food account and delivered 100$ worth of food to a coffee shop. I've been a customer for years please reverse these  fees as I am not responsible for them
Hello I was on vacation for the weekend and someone hacked my online food account and delivered 100$ worth of food to a coffee shop.
I've been a customer for years please reverse these  fees as I am not responsible for them
I'm sorry to hear this happened. What's your account number?
I'm sorry to hear this happened.
What's your account number?
528251959
I see the order . We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
I see the order .
We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
Thanks
I can give you the full refund.
Great I appreciate it that solves it
I strongly suggest that you change your password and username.
Already done
Great . is there anything else i can help you with today?
Great .
is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks have a good one
You too.
Hi none of my cable tv channels are working. Can you please troubleshoot who me. There is a show I really want to watch tonight!
Hi none of my cable tv channels are working.
Can you please troubleshoot who me.
There is a show I really want to watch tonight!
*with
What is your account number?
3642663
Did you try rebooting your system?
Yes tried that but didn't work.
Okay . Let me see if there are any issues in your area
Okay .
Let me see if there are any issues in your area
Thanks
Yes , I see there is an outage in your area . The technician says it should be resolved within the next hour.
Yes , I see there is an outage in your area .
The technician says it should be resolved within the next hour.
Okay thanks for letting me know.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
You are welcome.
Have a great day.
Hi
Can I assist you with something?
I have received an unexpected invoice for an new contract
I did not request a new contract
Can you help me to sort out this?
Yes , I can help . What is the number associated with that contract?
Yes , I can help .
What is the number associated with that contract?
4678909654422
I see that the contract is under the name john smith. Do you know this person
I see that the contract is under the name john smith.
Do you know this person
No I don't know about John smith
Are you there?
Okay . sorry for the delay . i have suspended that number and logged a ticket of inquiry with the security team
Okay .
sorry for the delay .
i have suspended that number and logged a ticket of inquiry with the security team
Ok thanks for your help
You are welcome. They will reach out to you if they have any questions.
You are welcome.
They will reach out to you if they have any questions.
Thank you
You're welcome.
Hi. We moved over the weekend and I still need to set up internet svc in our new place
Hi.
We moved over the weekend and I still need to set up internet svc in our new place
Hi Sean, I'd be happy to help you with your relocation.
Also need to update our billing address w you
Please provide me with your new billing address.
8162 Hackett Ln Apt 2
Alexandria VA 22107
It's an older place not sure it's wired for internet
Okay, I will check.
So that address is both the new billing and service address?
Yes
Great.
Your new place is wired, and we can come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
What day/time is best for you
Any afternoon this week or evening is good w us
Does Thursday between 3pm and 6pm work for you?
Yes reflect
Perfect
That is
Okay. You're all set for Thursday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay.
You're all set for Thursday.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope thanks for that
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Good afternoon. Need to update my address to 45 south st, apt 35, Denver CO and have installation scheduled
Good afternoon.
Need to update my address to 45 south st, apt 35, Denver CO and have installation scheduled
Hi Richard, sure thing.
Please hold while I update our system with your new address.
Ok
I have updated our system. And, it looks like we do indeed service your new location.
I have updated our system.
And, it looks like we do indeed service your new location.
When would you like installation to take place?
As soon as possible
Does tomorrow between 9am and 1pm work?
Yes
Great.
We will see you tomorrow. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We will see you tomorrow.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful day!
I recently purchased tickets to see a live performance. After completing my purchase online I realised you have double charged me. I would like you to refund one of my transactions.
I recently purchased tickets to see a live performance.
After completing my purchase online I realised you have double charged me.
I would like you to refund one of my transactions.
Hi Somesh, I'm sorry to hear you were charged twice.
Please provide me with the confirmation number for your ticket purchase.
My confirmation number is 657483873
Thank you.
I see that you were charged twice. My apologies for that.
I see that you were charged twice.
My apologies for that.
When can I expect my refund ?
I just ran the refund, and it should post to your account within 2 business days.
Ok thank you
If you don't see it post soon, please contact us again.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Again, my apologies for the billing mistake. Have a wonderful day!
Again, my apologies for the billing mistake.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi I just got done purchasing a ticket to see Ricky Martin. After paying I realized I was double charged. Can you help me?
Hi I just got done purchasing a ticket to see Ricky Martin.
After paying I realized I was double charged.
Can you help me?
Sure, I can help. What's your order number?
Sure, I can help.
What's your order number?
X664378900
I see the double billing and I will credit the extra amount.
Thank you
You are welcome. You should see the credit in two days
You are welcome.
You should see the credit in two days
That's good to know
I am now relieved
Enjoy the concert.
Hello I received an invoice for a contract I did not sign with your phone service can you help me cancel it
My phone number is 5611234567
I can help with this.
Let me look at the account
Okay thanks
So?
sorry , I see that the contract is under the name john smith
do you know that person?
Not at all
Okay, I've suspended the number and logged a ticket with the security team.
Thank you so I don't have todo anything?
No, you're not responsible. They will investigate.
No, you're not responsible.
They will investigate.
Good thanks that's all
Have a great day.
Hi i purchased tickets to see cats on Broadway and I just noticed I was double charged on my credit card.  Can you please help reverse one of the charges ??
Hi i purchased tickets to see cats on Broadway and I just noticed I was double charged on my credit card.
Can you please help reverse one of the charges ?
?
Hi Greg, I'm sorry to hear that you were double charged.
Let me take a look at your account. Do you have the confirmation number associated with your purchase?
Let me take a look at your account.
Do you have the confirmation number associated with your purchase?
Yes
Tkt3415736
Thank you.
Okay, I see here that you were indeed charged twice.
I have just processed a refund for one of the charges.
You should see the refund post to your credit/bank account within 1-2 business days.
Great thank you so much.
If, for some reason, the refund doesn't post during that time, please contact us again.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Again, my apologies for the billing error. Have a wonderful day!
Again, my apologies for the billing error.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi. My cable is out
Hi.
My cable is out
What is your account number"
4663478
Have you tried rebooting the system?
Yes
Okay, let me see if there are any issues in the area.
I see that there is an outage in your area and i am told it will be resolved within the hour.
Oh ok
Is there anything else I can help you wiht?
with?
That's it
Okay , have a great day
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight. The resort had no means of external communication so I was unable to notify you. I just arrived in the town and would like to know when the next flights are available.
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight.
The resort had no means of external communication so I was unable to notify you.
I just arrived in the town and would like to know when the next flights are available.
Hi Somesh, I'm happy to help you out today.
Please provide me with your original confirmation number.
I don't seem to remember it
That's okay. I will search for your using the email address you submitted.
That's okay.
I will search for your using the email address you submitted.
Please hold while I pull up your information.
Thank you
Okay, I see you are trying to fly from Denver back to New York. Is that correct?
Okay, I see you are trying to fly from Denver back to New York.
Is that correct?
Yes
Great. I can put you on a flight tonight, leaving at 9pm, or you can fly out first thing tomorrow morning at 6am.
Great.
I can put you on a flight tonight, leaving at 9pm, or you can fly out first thing tomorrow morning at 6am.
Tomorrow morning at 6am will be great
Great. I have you booked on flight 63 tomorrow morning.
Great.
I have you booked on flight 63 tomorrow morning.
Okay thank you
You should received an email confirming these changes.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi. I'm home from work on a sick day and just turned on the TV and all the channels are dead
Hi.
I'm home from work on a sick day and just turned on the TV and all the channels are dead
Can someone there help with this?
Hi Sean, I'm happy to help.
So you just noticed this issue today?
Yeah just turned the tv on and nothing
All channels say no signal
Have you tried restarting the cable box? Often times that is enough to do the trick.
Have you tried restarting the cable box?
Often times that is enough to do the trick.
No
I will try that
Any luck?
Powering back up
Ok that worked
Whew
Yes all channels are up
Great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thank you, and have a great night!
Hi
My online account has been hacked by someone. They misused my account and ordered for $100
My online account has been hacked by someone.
They misused my account and ordered for $100
I am happy to look into this. What's your account number?
I am happy to look into this.
What's your account number?
56899042
Okay. I see the $100 charge on your account.
Okay.
I see the $100 charge on your account.
We do not normally give refunds but you are a long standing customer so let me see if there is anything i can do
Yes I am disappointed very much . Do anything for this
Yes I am disappointed very much .
Do anything for this
I have been authorized to credit your account the $100.
Yes it's great thank you
I suggest that you change your password and username.
Ok I will change
Because you are such a loyal customer. I'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Because you are such a loyal customer.
I'd like to offer you a 20% discount on your next order.
Oh thank you
You are welcome. Have a great day.
You are welcome.
Have a great day.
Hi can you help me. I was suppose to catch a flight yesterday, but due to bad weather I could not leave the resort I was staying, plus there was no means of communication so I was unable to inform the airline of my situation. May I find out the next available flights back home?
Hi can you help me.
I was suppose to catch a flight yesterday, but due to bad weather I could not leave the resort I was staying, plus there was no means of communication so I was unable to inform the airline of my situation.
May I find out the next available flights back home?
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight. What's the confirmation number for your trip?
I'm sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
What's the confirmation number for your trip?
It's 77543289
Great let me see what flights we haven
have.
Ok
There are two flight options. 4pm with a layover and 8:00 direct. Do either of  these work for you?
There are two flight options.
4pm with a layover and 8:00 direct.
Do either of  these work for you?
I would prefer the 8pm direct flight
Okay. Great, you are confirmed. Flight number 663.
Okay.
Great, you are confirmed.
Flight number 663.
Thank you
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number>
You are welcome.
Have a safe flight.
Thanks again
No problem.
Hello. I was double charged for the snoop dog concert tickets I recently bought.
Hello.
I was double charged for the snoop dog concert tickets I recently bought.
Hi Richard, I'm sorry to hear you were double charged.
Do you have the confirmation number associated with your ticket purchase?
46654
Thank you.
Okay I see that you were double charged. I do apologize for this error.
Okay I see that you were double charged.
I do apologize for this error.
Ik
Ok
I have just processed a refund for one of the charges. I should post to your account within 2 business days.
I have just processed a refund for one of the charges.
I should post to your account within 2 business days.
K great
If for some reason that refund doesn't come through, please let us know.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Thank you for your business, and have a wonderful night!
Hi I bought tickets just an hour ago for Springsteen in DC in June. Just saw my statement and it looks like you double charged me
Hi I bought tickets just an hour ago for Springsteen in DC in June.
Just saw my statement and it looks like you double charged me
Can you check that
Sure, I can look into this. What's your order number?
Sure, I can look into this.
What's your order number?
7183621
Hmmm. I see the tickets but I see two orders. One for row AA seats 12 and 13 and the other for row W seats 3 and 4.
Hmmm.
I see the tickets but I see two orders.
One for row AA seats 12 and 13 and the other for row W seats 3 and 4.
Not sure what that second order is
Just needed the first set
Okay. Let me see if there's anything we can do. We don't normally give refunds for online orders.
Okay.
Let me see if there's anything we can do.
We don't normally give refunds for online orders.
Ok
Thanks for checking
You are a loyal customer and use our site often. I can give you a credit for the second set of tickets but not a refund.
You are a loyal customer and use our site often.
I can give you a credit for the second set of tickets but not a refund.
Huh
Well ok
Thanks for checking
I am glad we were able to resolve this issue . Is there anything else I can help you with  today?
I am glad we were able to resolve this issue .
Is there anything else I can help you with  today?
Yes thanks
Okay.
Have a nice day.
Hi. I just missed my 145 flight. Got snowed in. Can you help?
Hi.
I just missed my 145 flight.
Got snowed in.
Can you help?
Hi Richard, I'd be happy to help assist you.
Do you have your confirmation number handy?
58865
Thank you. Allow me a minute to pull up your itinerary.
Thank you.
Allow me a minute to pull up your itinerary.
I see you are trying to fly back to New York from Jackson Hole. Is that correct?
I see you are trying to fly back to New York from Jackson Hole.
Is that correct?
Correct
Great. I can rebook you to JFK tonight at 9pm. If that doesn't work, I also see a flight to LGA at 8am tomorrow morning. Which do you prefer?
Great.
I can rebook you to JFK tonight at 9pm.
If that doesn't work, I also see a flight to LGA at 8am tomorrow morning.
Which do you prefer?
9pm
You got it.
I see that you are a gold member as well. Thank you for your business!
I see that you are a gold member as well.
Thank you for your business!
That qualifies your for a no-fee rebooking.
Yes indeed. And thank you
Yes indeed.
And thank you
Awesome
You should receive an email shortly with the changes we made just now.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Thank you and have a pleasant day!
Hi I just wanted to inform you I missed my flight because I was snowed in at my resort.
Can you help me find the next available flight home?
Hi Greg, I'd be happy to assist you.
Do you have the confirmation number associated with this itinerary?
353663
Thank you.
Please hold while I pull up your information.
Okay Greg, I see you are trying to fly from Denver to Charlotte. Is that correct?
Okay Greg, I see you are trying to fly from Denver to Charlotte.
Is that correct?
Yes
Great.
I see two flight options for you:
There's a flight leaving at 11pm tonight, and one leaving at noon tomorrow. Your choice.
There's a flight leaving at 11pm tonight, and one leaving at noon tomorrow.
Your choice.
Otherwise, I won't be able to get you out until Thursday.
11pm tonight please
Confirmed. I have you leaving tonight at 11pm on flight 72.
Confirmed.
I have you leaving tonight at 11pm on flight 72.
Okay thanks so much.
You will receive an email shortly detailing these changes to your itinerary.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
Safe travels, and have a wonderful night!
I recently purchased a new dining table online and on its arrival I realised that you have send me the wrong table. I would like you ta send me the correct table
I recently purchased a new dining table online and on its arrival I realised that you have send me the wrong table.
I would like you ta send me the correct table
I'm happy to assist you with this. What's your order number?
I'm happy to assist you with this.
What's your order number?
My address is 444 heaven town, New York and order number is 6464844647
I see that you order the oak deluxe dining table. What did you receive?
I see that you order the oak deluxe dining table.
What did you receive?
Yes
What did you receive?
I received a semi furnished table
Okay. I will have your table delivered by 6pm. Does that work?
Okay.
I will have your table delivered by 6pm.
Does that work?
Okay
Great and they will pick up the other one.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No that will be all
I'm happy we were able to resolve this. have a great rest of your day.
I'm happy we were able to resolve this.
have a great rest of your day.
Hi. We got snowed in up in Vermont and missed our flight this morning in Boston
Hi.
We got snowed in up in Vermont and missed our flight this morning in Boston
Trying to get home to DC
Just got phone service back
Can you help us?
I'm sorry you missed your flight. What is the confirmation number for your trip?
I'm sorry you missed your flight.
What is the confirmation number for your trip?
Flight number was American 91 at 10:55 am
Okay . I see two options 6pm and 8pm. Do either of those work for you?
Okay .
I see two options 6pm and 8pm.
Do either of those work for you?
Were at the airport now so we can make the 6pm
If you can get us on there
Okay . Yes , you are confirmed . flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat and middle.
Okay .
Yes , you are confirmed .
flight number 963. i have put you in an aisle seat and middle.
check your inbox for the confirmation
Awesome
Just saw it hit my email
Great. Have a safe flight.
Great.
Have a safe flight.
Hi
Hi Salazar, what can I help you with today?
I have a problem with my cable tv
What seems to be the problem?
None of my tv channels are working
I'm sorry to hear that.
May I know the reason
When did you first notice this problem?
2 hours before
Have you tried restarting your cable box?
No
Would you try that now, and let me know if it helps at all?
Yes wait
Any luck?
Yes it's working now
Thank you
Great! I'm happy to hear that. If you have trouble in the future, it's best to reset your cable box first.
Great!
I'm happy to hear that.
If you have trouble in the future, it's best to reset your cable box first.
Okay
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Thank you for your business.
Have a great day!
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice, it couldn't be a worse day as I had a lot of admin to sort out. I would like you to resolve the problem as fast as possible.
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice, it couldn't be a worse day as I had a lot of admin to sort out.
I would like you to resolve the problem as fast as possible.
I can help. What's your cell number?
I can help.
What's your cell number?
8735645637
I see that you made a payment on march 1st but it was declined.
Ok
Would you like me to try and rerun it?
Yes
I did and it went through. your confirmation number is 65221855
I did and it went through.
your confirmation number is 65221855
Ok
your service should be back up in 10 minutes.
Thank you very much
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
Have a great day.
Hi
I have relocated to new address and want to update my current address
I'm happy to assist. What's you new address.
I'm happy to assist.
What's you new address.
Also I want to know about the new installation of the connection
123 Samuel drive Los Angeles 90025
Thanks . Let me see if we service your area
Thanks .
Let me see if we service your area
Ok
we do service your area . The next available appointment is march 13th. Does that work for you>
we do service your area .
The next available appointment is march 13th.
Does that work for you>
Will you service in my area?
morning or afternoon
Yeah it's convenient morning
Thank you
Okay . Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon
Okay .
Please confirm that someone will be there between 9a and noon
Yes we will be there to help you
Great . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Great .
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks
Have a great day.
Hi
I have missed my flight due to snow
Now reached the town. May I know the next available flights?
Now reached the town.
May I know the next available flights?
I am sorry to hear that you missed your flight. what is the confirmation number for your trip?
I am sorry to hear that you missed your flight.
what is the confirmation number for your trip?
5788998654
Okay. let me look at available flights
Okay.
let me look at available flights
Ok
I see that there are two options. 4p with a layover and 6:30p direct. Do either of those work for  you?
I see that there are two options.
4p with a layover and 6:30p direct.
Do either of those work for  you?
4p is good for me
Can you confirm that
Okay you are confirmed on the 4pm flight. flight number 231.
Okay you are confirmed on the 4pm flight.
flight number 231.
Please check your inbox for the confirmation number
Okay I have received the confirmationt
Thanks for your help
You are welcome. Have a safe flight.
You are welcome.
Have a safe flight.
I recently went away for the weekend . When I came back I noticed that my online food ordering account has been hacked. The hacker made use of my account and ordered more than $100 of food which was delivered to a local coffee shop. I would like to know is there anything you can do to help me out.
I recently went away for the weekend .
When I came back I noticed that my online food ordering account has been hacked.
The hacker made use of my account and ordered more than $100 of food which was delivered to a local coffee shop.
I would like to know is there anything you can do to help me out.
Hi Somesh, I'm happy to help.
Please hold while I pull up your account information.
I see the $100 charge you are referring to. Normally, it's company policy not to refund customer accounts.
I see the $100 charge you are referring to.
Normally, it's company policy not to refund customer accounts.
Ok
However, I see that you have been a long time customer.
Let me speak with my supervisor, and see if we can't work something out for you.
Ok I will be waiting
My supervisor has just authorize me to process a full refund of the fraudulent charges.
That is great
Both of us thank you for your business, and apologize for any inconvenience this has caused you.
Thank you for the refund
Please remember to log off your account every time you leave your computer.
Ya sure
We also recommend you changing up your password from time to time.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I will do that
No that will be all
Great. Thank you for your continued business. Have a great night!
Great.
Thank you for your continued business.
Have a great night!
Hi
I have double charged for my ticket purchase
I'm happy to help. What is  your order number?
I'm happy to help.
What is  your order number?
How can I get the refund?
34567789900
Please confirm the event name.
Malala festival
Okay, let me research this.
Ok
I see you were double billed. I will give you the refund.
I see you were double billed.
I will give you the refund.
You should see the credit in two days.
Excellent thank you
Thanks
You are welcome. I'm glad we were able to resolve this quickly. Since it was our issue, I also refunded the ticket fee.
You are welcome.
I'm glad we were able to resolve this quickly.
Since it was our issue, I also refunded the ticket fee.
Thanks
You are welcome.
Have a great dayh.
day.
On opening my mailbox I found an unexpected invoice from a cellphone provider for a contract which I never opened. I would like you to cancel that contract.
On opening my mailbox I found an unexpected invoice from a cellphone provider for a contract which I never opened.
I would like you to cancel that contract.
I can look into this for you, What is your account number
My account number is 6575859
Okay I see that the contract is under the name john smith. do you know that person?
Okay I see that the contract is under the name john smith.
do you know that person?
Can you cancel it ?
Yes , I have suspended that number and opened a ticket of inquiry with the security department.
Thank you
They will reach out to you directly should they need more information.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with todayu?
No that will be all
Have a great day.
Hi bought a table from yall and it is the wrong style. I need the right one sent to me asap
Hi bought a table from yall and it is the wrong style.
I need the right one sent to me asap
Any agent available
Hello
I bought a table from yall and it is the wrong table. I need the right one sent to me
I bought a table from yall and it is the wrong table.
I need the right one sent to me
Hey
Hey Werner
Hey back at you
Hey, I recently moved to a new department, I would like to have my details updated and also order a new installation and my new apartment does not have the required cabling.
Hey Nancy, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Hey Nancy, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Sure thing, my new address is 10 Canal street APT #3F, New York, NY 10034
Thank you Nancy. Standby while I update our system with your details.
Thank you Nancy.
Standby while I update our system with your details.
Ok Nancy your details have been successfully updated.
Let me look when the next available appointment is.
How does April the 3rd between 2p and 5p sound?
Sounds good to me. I can be home between that time
Sounds good to me.
I can be home between that time
Great let me just verify the appointment. Standby
Great let me just verify the appointment.
Standby
Ok Nancy you appointment has been scheduled .
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great so they will come install new cabling this Friday between 3-5p
Between 2-5p, that is correct.
Got it, thank you
Is there anything else I can Assist you with?
No that is it.
Great in that case I hope you have a great day further.
Thank you, you too.
Hey Acme, I need help urgently, my cellphone service just stopped working... What is going on?
Hey Nancy, I am sorry to hear you are experiencing problems. Let me see what I can do to assist you. One moment while I pull up your records
Hey Nancy, I am sorry to hear you are experiencing problems.
Let me see what I can do to assist you.
One moment while I pull up your records
Ah , I see your previous payment was declined by the bank.
I am not sure how this is possible, I am pretty sure I have always had an sufficient balance
Is there anyway you can just try again?
Sure thing, I will try to re bill the card which we have on file.
Thanks, that will be great
OK Nancy I was successful in re-billing your account.
Let me just create a ticket to have your service enabled again.
OK, I have re-activated your account, The service should start working within the next 5-10min
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks you, assuming it works then there is nothing else I require.
In that case Nancy I hope you have a great day furthe.
Thank you, the service just began working again
Great to hear. Have a good day further Nancy.
Great to hear.
Have a good day further Nancy.
Hey acme, I recently ordered an oak shelf from your website. When i tried to assemble it I realized that a shelf was missing....
Hey acme, I recently ordered an oak shelf from your website.
When i tried to assemble it I realized that a shelf was missing....
Could you either send me a new shelf or have this one picked up and have a new one dropped off?
Hey Nancy, I am sorry to hear about the missing part. Let me try and help you.
Hey Nancy, I am sorry to hear about the missing part.
Let me try and help you.
Standby while I pull up your account details.
Ok Nancy, I see you ordered a oak table?
I have gone ahead and put in an order for a new shelf
It should be delivered within the next 2days.
Great thanks:)
I will be using the book shelf without that shelf but would need it really soon
I understand, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all....
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Thanks you too
Hey ACME, I just arrived back from holiday, I was snowed in for 3 days and as a result I missed my flight.
I was meant to fly on the 29 March on flight 129
Hey Nancy, I am glad you are safe at least. Let me have a look what I can do to assist you
Hey Nancy, I am glad you are safe at least.
Let me have a look what I can do to assist you
When will you like to return home?
Ideally I would like to get home as soon as possible.
I have two flight options available, one is later tonight at 8pm and the other is tomorrow morning. Which would you prefer?
I have two flight options available, one is later tonight at 8pm and the other is tomorrow morning.
Which would you prefer?
Can I please have the mornings flight?
Sure, tomorrow morning at 9am?
Sounds great, what does it cost.
Seeing that we had a lot of delays due to heavy snow, will will not be charging you for this flight.
Give me one moment while I just complete the booking of your ticket.
Ok I have booked your flight.
You should be receiving an email with your ticket details
Great thanks
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all.
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
Hey Acme, I just finished moving into a new apartment and wanted to contact you so that my details can be updated
Hi Mr. Southern can i help you with updating your new information?
Hi I will update your information for you.
Can i have your old address?
can i have your new address
Sure thing, my new address is , 5 canal street, New York, NY 10013
I live in payment 3F
Please hold on while I get your information
I have updated your information in our system, can i help you with anything else?
Yes I would need a new line installed as there is no cabling at this apparyment
Is this something you can help me with?
I will schedule and installation appointment .
Do you have a date that you would like us to come to install the cable line?
I would like the line installed as soon as possible
okay, let me give you some dates, okay?
hi i have an opening for tomorrow at 1:00 in the afternoon? Is that good for you?
hi i have an opening for tomorrow at 1:00 in the afternoon?
Is that good for you?
I also have an opening for 10:30 in the morning for tomorrow morning.
That will work for me, let book that in.
I will be home
which one maam, tomorrow morning or the next day?
Tomorrow at 10:30
okay, i will schedule it for you.
Can you please hold while i schedule this appointment for you. can i help with anything else?
Can you please hold while i schedule this appointment for you.
can i help with anything else?
You have schedule for tomorrow at 10:30 am anything else?
Thanks, that will work for me
No that is it
Thank you,
So is my appoint ment booked?
Appointment?
Hi. I moved over the weekend and forgot to set up a service install at my new place
Hi.
I moved over the weekend and forgot to set up a service install at my new place
Guess I also need to update billing
Hey Jonathan I will be able to help you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address details?
New addy is 1704 Hidden Valley Rd
Harrisburg PA 17101
No apt number
This is an older place too
Might need cable run to it?
One moment while I update this in our system
Thx
Ok you address has been updated, and I see the address is serviceable.
Ok
The earliest we will be able to send someone to make the installation is April 8
Does this date work for you?
Yes I'll be sure to be here
Great, will 2-5pm work for you?
Yeah actually that's perfect
Great, let met make schedule this appointment for you. Standby please
Great, let met make schedule this appointment for you.
Standby please
Thx
OK the appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Thanks
It was a pleasure helping you. Have nice day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have nice day.
I have moved and I need to update my acct and schedule an install.
Hello?
Hey Dannie, I will be able to assist you with his.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
4972 Tyler ave Miami FL 33179
Thank you Dannie, one moment while I update this and check if we can service this new address
Ok
Ok you address has been updated, and we do service this address. The earliest we can assist you is this on the 8th of april
Ok you address has been updated, and we do service this address.
The earliest we can assist you is this on the 8th of april
does this work for you?
Yes
Would between 11a to 3p work for you?
Yep
Great, one moment while I update book the appointment.
Ok thanks!
Ok your appointment has been booked, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it thanks!
It was pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
It was pleasure assisting you.
Have a good day.
Hi my phone won't call out anymore.
Wifi working
Need phone today! Busy day!
Need phone today!
Busy day!
Hey Jonathan, I will be able to assist you with this.
I am sorry for this inconvenience
My num is 703-447-6304
If that helps
Thanks you for the number one moment while I pull up the details of your account
Ok Jonathan, I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
Hmm
It should be paid on up
What I can try and do is make a re bill against your account?
Ok
Can we try that?
Sure things, one moment while I try this.
Ok
OK the payment was successful.
Cool
You service should return within the next 10min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much for rebilling that
No problem Mr Schatz, have a good day
My cellphone service just stopped working with no notice! Why!!!
My cellphone service just stopped working with no notice!
Why!!
!
Hey Dannie , I am sorry for the inconvenience. Let me see what I can do to assist you.
Hey Dannie , I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Let me see what I can do to assist you.
Ok
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Sure
555-999-3333
Thank you, let me look what is going on.
Ok
I see the last payment was declined by the bank.
Oh no!
Can you try again?
Sure thing, one moment while I process the re bill
Ok
Ok the re bill was successful.
Your service will resume within the next 10min
Oh good! Thanks!
Oh good!
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
Thanks
Have a great day further.
Hi we just got delivered a bookshelf we ordered from you
And as I'm assembling it
It's missing a shelf!
Hey Johathan, I am sorry to hear that. Let me help you resolve this as soon as possible.
Hey Johathan, I am sorry to hear that.
Let me help you resolve this as soon as possible.
I can give you an order num or I even have part number from instructions
Please can you provide me with your order details?
615418875
Thank, pulling up the details.
Great, I see you have ordered an oak shelf.
Is this the correct shelf?
Yes that's the one
Great, let me quickly order you a replacement shelf. Standby please.
Great, let me quickly order you a replacement shelf.
Standby please.
Cool
Thanks
Ok I have placed an order for the replacement shelf.
It should be arriving within the next 2 days.
Thanks
Glad to not have to send it all back
is there anything else I can assit you with?
No
It was a pleasure helping you, have a great day.
I ordered a bookshelf and there is a shelf missing! Can you send the shelf or pick up the bookcase?
I ordered a bookshelf and there is a shelf missing!
Can you send the shelf or pick up the bookcase?
Hey Dannie, I am sorry to hear that. Could you please provide me with the order details.
Hey Dannie, I am sorry to hear that.
Could you please provide me with the order details.
What do you need?
If you could provide me with the order details, I will be able to pull up the information I need to place you a replacement shelf.
Sure order number 64478875
Pulling up the information on the system.
Ok
OK I have the information and I have ordered you a replacement shelf.
It will be arriving within the next 2 days.
Great! Thanks!
Great!
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
In that case I hope you have a great day.
Hi.  Lousy weather out here has me in a bind
Hi.
Lousy weather out here has me in a bind
Was at resort out here and got snowed in
Missed our flight home this AM
Need to get home from Denver somehow
I am sorry to hear that Jonathan, Let me help you get a new flight.
When was your flight scheduled for?
It was at 8:20 this AM on united
Says flt num is 562
OK got it, it seem this flight was canceled. For this reason I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
OK got it, it seem this flight was canceled.
For this reason I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
Oh wow
When would you like to return? the earliest flight I have is 6p this afternoon
When would you like to return?
the earliest flight I have is 6p this afternoon
Yeah we're at the airport now
So the earliest is best
So the 6p flight works for you?
You are in luck, the same seat numbers are available for this flight. Does this work for you?
You are in luck, the same seat numbers are available for this flight.
Does this work for you?
That's erfect
Perfect even
Thanks!!
Thanks!
!
Ok one moment while I book your tickets
Ok your tickets are booked.  You should be them via email.
Ok your tickets are booked.
You should be them via email.
Wow thanks for helping w this
Big relief
No problem sure, was a pleasure helping you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
In that case, I hope you have a great day.
Hi! I got snowed in at my resort and missed my flight. I need to let the airline know and schedule a new flight!
Hi!
I got snowed in at my resort and missed my flight.
I need to let the airline know and schedule a new flight!
hey Dannie, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help
hey Dannie, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me help
Thanks!
Could you please provide me with the details of your flight you missed?
Flight number, destination and time.
Yes
Flight 4567, destination Atlanta, time 8:30 am
One moment while I pull up the information.
Ok thanks
Ok Dannie , it seems that flight was canceled so I will be able to reschedule you a flight free of charge.
Ok great!
When would you like to fly out?
I have a flight available at 6p and 9p this afternoon.
6 will work
Great, would you like similar seats to that which were booked?
Yeah sure
One moment while I book you flights.
K
ok your flights have been booked. You should be receiving a the ticket via email within the next few minutes.
ok your flights have been booked.
You should be receiving a the ticket via email within the next few minutes.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks!
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
It was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a good day.
Thanks!
I moved to a new apartment so I need to update my address and schedule an appointment for installation.
Hey Blake, let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Hey Blake, let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address details?
4972 Tyler ave Miami Florida 33179
One moment while I update this on our system.
Ok
Ok your details have been updated. I also see the address is serviceable. Let me quickly look when the earliest available appointment is.
Ok your details have been updated.
I also see the address is serviceable.
Let me quickly look when the earliest available appointment is.
Ok the earliest we can come to install the new line is 8 April, Wednesday.
That works. What time?
That works.
What time?
Between 11a and 3p
Ok
Let me schedule the appointment then.
Ok thanks
Ok the appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all. Thanks.
That's all.
Thanks.
It was a pleasure helping you, have a good day.
My cell phone stopped working and I need to see about getting it fixed as soon as possible as it is a very busy day for me.
Hey Blake, let me try and help you resolve this as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
656-797-5754
Thank you, one moment while I look what is going on.
Ok
Ok Blake , it seem the last payment order was declined by the bank.
What I can try and o is re bill the card which on the system.
Yea lets try that. It should go through.
Yea lets try that.
It should go through.
Ok Blake the payment was successful.
Your service should resume within the next 5mins.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks. That's all.
No thanks.
That's all.
Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day
Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day
I ordered a bookshelf and while I was putting it together I realized that I am missing a shelf.
Hey Blake, I am sorry to hear that. Could you provide me with the order number so that I can deliver you an extra shelf?
Hey Blake, I am sorry to hear that.
Could you provide me with the order number so that I can deliver you an extra shelf?
464325534
Great, thanks you. Standby while I pull up your account and process the order.
Great, thanks you.
Standby while I pull up your account and process the order.
Ok
OK Blake a replacement shelf has been ordered, It will be arriving within the next 2 days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks. That's all I needed.
Thanks.
That's all I needed.
I hope you enjoy your new bookcase. Have a good day.
I hope you enjoy your new bookcase.
Have a good day.
I was snowed in at my ski resort and missed my flight yesterday. Can you help me find the next available flight?
I was snowed in at my ski resort and missed my flight yesterday.
Can you help me find the next available flight?
Hallo Blake, Sure thing I can. Could you provide me with the flight number of the flight you missed? We had a few cancelations of flights, so would just like to check.
Hallo Blake, Sure thing I can.
Could you provide me with the flight number of the flight you missed?
We had a few cancelations of flights, so would just like to check.
1242
Ok Blake, that flight was actually canceled. I will be able to reschedule your flight for you free of charge.
Ok Blake, that flight was actually canceled.
I will be able to reschedule your flight for you free of charge.
Ok good. Is there a flight available this afternoon?
Ok good.
Is there a flight available this afternoon?
The next available  flights are at 4p and 6p this afternoon.
Would either of these work for you?
4 would be good
Great, let me pull up the flight details and see what I can give you. Would you like similar seating arrangement?
Great, let me pull up the flight details and see what I can give you.
Would you like similar seating arrangement?
Yea, a window seat would be great
Ok I have a window seat available.
Let me just lock it down and have the ticket emailed to you.
Ok great
Ok, you should be receiving an email shortly with your tickets.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it. Thanks.
No that's it.
Thanks.
Great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day.
Great, was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day.
I need to Change my address
Hi Kevin
I can help you with this
What is you new address details
123 Colonis
123 Colonial drive new city New York 10956
Kevin we have updated your address
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Actually I would like to order a new line
No problem at all I can help you with that
Great which date can you make the installation?
can I confirm a date to install the new service line system
Kevin how does April the 8th look
April the 8th can work for me, I would need a more specific time to ensure I will be home, is that possible?
Great would April the 8th at 12p and 2p
Sure that works, my wife will be home that time...
Great news the transaction was successful
Kevin the appointment is scheduled\
Great, thank you. Looking forward to having internet again!!
Great, thank you.
Looking forward to having internet again!
!
Is there anything else I can help you with today
No that is it, thanks!!
No that is it, thanks!
!
Great have a wonderful day
Hey assume, please help my cellphone service just stopped working!!!!
Hey assume, please help my cellphone service just stopped working!!!
!
I am sitting here at a friends house using their wifi, but I have urgent call to make
Hello Robert
Hey
That is terrible news , I would be happy to assist you
Great, it started happening like 30minutes ago, I have tried restarting the phone but nothing seems to help
Do you have any service on your phone at all
The reception is full but when I try and call it says my account is deactivated
That us unfortunate , lets take a look at your account number
Sure things can I give you my cellphone number?
Could you please provide me with your cell phone number
The account is under my name and my cellphone number is 89379592723
Great just a moment to look into this
Ok..
Looks like your last payment was declined, I would be happy to re bill your account and reinstate your service
That is funny o definitely have the fund, please just proceed with refilling my account
Great just let me put that transaction through again
Thanjs
The payment was submitted and it will take another 10 to 15 minutes or so before the payment is verified
Ok, once it is verified will I have my service ?
Will I be able to call?
Yes , as soon as the payment Is there the service will be back
Awesome, thanks.
No problem at all is there anything else I can help you with today
No that's it thanks uou
You*
Thank you for calling ACME and please call again soon
Hey acme, I recently just moved...
The apartment does not seem to have the cables required for Internet.
Hi Patricia! Thank you for reaching out to us!
Hi Patricia!
Thank you for reaching out to us!
I will be happy to help you with this today
Ok thank you for verifying this information.
Great, I moved from 5 cancel street New York to 8 Dyckman Ave , New York , ny 10034
Thank you for verifying. I am going to place you on hold while I pull up your account
Thank you for verifying.
I am going to place you on hold while I pull up your account
Ok...
Thank you for holding . I have updated your address in our system.
Thank you for holding .
I have updated your address in our system.
I am checking to ensure that your address is serviceable.
Great, I believe it should be, I think the landlord said you guys provide Internet here
Hello?
I am sorry about the wait. I pulled up everything and great news your address is serviceable
I am sorry about the wait.
I pulled up everything and great news your address is serviceable
The next available appointment is April 23rd, 2015. Are you available on this day for installation?
The next available appointment is April 23rd, 2015.
Are you available on this day for installation?
I am sure my wife will be around the house that day all day, so any time suites me.
Ok great. I am scheduling your installation time for 10a-2p
Ok great.
I am scheduling your installation time for 10a-2p
Great:) thank you.
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks that is it.
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
I recently moved into a new apartment and I need to have installation done
Hi Kevin! Thank you for reaching out to us!
Hi Kevin!
Thank you for reaching out to us!
I will be happy to help you today
Can you please provide me with your new address?
2794 Conway street Bloomington IN 47408
Thank you for providing me with your new address. I am going to place you on hold while I update your account with your new address.
Thank you for providing me with your new address.
I am going to place you on hold while I update your account with your new address.
thanks
You are very welcome. I have updated your address in our system.
You are very welcome.
I have updated your address in our system.
I am verifying that your new address is serviceable
great!
Your service is serviceable ! The next available appointment is April 23, 2015. Will someone be home?
Your service is serviceable !
The next available appointment is April 23, 2015.
Will someone be home?
yes that should work fine
We can have a tech report to your home between 10a-2p. Does this time frame work for you?
We can have a tech report to your home between 10a-2p.
Does this time frame work for you?
any time afternoon
Ok I am going to change your work order time to 2p-5p. Does this work better for you?
Ok I am going to change your work order time to 2p-5p.
Does this work better for you?
ok
Your internet installation has been scheduled for April 23rd from 2p-5p.
great!
Is there anything else I can
help you with today?
nope! I'm all set
nope!
I'm all set
Well thank you for contacting us regarding this matter!
Enjoy the rest of your day
thanks
Thank you!
Hello! I have moved and need to update my billing info
Hello!
I have moved and need to update my billing info
Also need to see about getting internet svc turned on here
At new place
Hi Peter! Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to help you with this today.
Hi Peter!
Thank you for contacting us.
I will be happy to help you with this today.
Can you verify your new billing address?
3797 Maud St
Wilmington DE 19801
There's no apt number
Also I don't think previous owner had it wired for internet
I am up updating your account with your new address now
Thanks
You are very welcome. I am checking to ensure your address is serviceable.
You are very welcome.
I am checking to ensure your address is serviceable.
Ok
Your address is serviceable
Great!
The next available date for installation is April 23, 2015 from 10a-2p. Will someone be home?
The next available date for installation is April 23, 2015 from 10a-2p.
Will someone be home?
Yes I will be here then
Ok great. The installation has been scheduled
Ok great.
The installation has been scheduled
Thanks
Is there anything I can help you with today?
No
Thanks
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
hi there, my cell service stopped working without notice, luckily I have wifi access, can you help with my phone issue?
Hi Kevin! Can you verify your cell phone number
Hi Kevin!
Can you verify your cell phone number
4202473659
I am looking up your account now
I checked your account and it looks like your payment was declined by the bank.
ok
what should I do?
Can I re-bill the bank card on file?
yes try that
Ok Give me one second while I attempt to re-bill your card
The re-bill was successful.
ok, what now?
Your service will be reactivated. This process takes normally 5-10 minutes
Your service will be reactivated.
This process takes normally 5-10 minutes
grrat
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
nope!
Ok, great. Thank you for contacting us. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok, great.
Thank you for contacting us.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
hi there, I bought a bookshelf from you and there is a shelf missing, can you help?
Hi I am certainly happy to assist you with this issue.
great
I have your account pulled up. Can you verify which type of desk you purchased?
I have your account pulled up.
Can you verify which type of desk you purchased?
I see you purchased our oak bookshelf, is that correct?
yes, a shelf is missing from it
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately at no cost
Can you verify your delivery address?
2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you. I am going to place you on hold while I update your account.
Thank you.
I am going to place you on hold while I update your account.
I have updated your account.
I am checking to make sure your address is serviceable
great
can you send a replacement?
I am sending your a replacement
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience. I am going to buy you a book of your choice to help fill the book case.
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience.
I am going to buy you a book of your choice to help fill the book case.
excelent
Which book would you like?
the oak
Yes I have ordered you a replacement oak shelf.
great
As a gift, I would love to purchase you a complimentary book.
thanks
Which book would you like?
I can send you the new Harry Potter book. Would you like this one?
I can send you the new Harry Potter book.
Would you like this one?
Hello Kevin, are you still there?
yes I am
Awesome!
Would you like me to place the order for the Harry Potter Book?
yes please
Ok great . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Ok great .
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
awesome
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
nope
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
you too
thanks!
hi there, I was snowed in and missed my return flight and I couldn't notify the airline can you help me?
Hey Kevin! I will be happy to assit you with this!
Hey Kevin!
I will be happy to assit you with this!
great
Can you verify your missed flight's time, date and destination
4pm Saturday the 12th
Ok great. I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
Ok great.
I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
awesome
I'd like to get the first flight abailable
I have a flight leaving the same day later in the day at 5p that has seats available.
Does this work for you?
awesome, yes it does
Ok great. I have scheduled you for the 5p flight. Your Flight Number is 0649, Seat 4F Aisle
Ok great.
I have scheduled you for the 5p flight.
Your Flight Number is 0649, Seat 4F Aisle
great
I will e-mail you the new tickets as I have just booked you on this new flight
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
nope!
Ok awesome. Well enjoy the rest of your day and have a great and safe flight!
Ok awesome.
Well enjoy the rest of your day and have a great and safe flight!
Hello. I need to update my address and have Internet installed. Just moved.
Hello.
I need to update my address and have Internet installed.
Just moved.
I Josh. I will be happy to assist you with this.
I Josh.
I will be happy to assist you with this.
Can you verify your new address?
2794 conaway st Bloomington, Indiana
I have updated your account. I am checking to make sure your address is serviceable
I have updated your account.
I am checking to make sure your address is serviceable
Ok
Your address is serviceable
The next available appointment for installation is April 23rd from 10a-1p. Will someone be home?
The next available appointment for installation is April 23rd from 10a-1p.
Will someone be home?
Yes
Ok awesome. I have scheduled your installation
Ok awesome.
I have scheduled your installation
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all. Thank you
That is all.
Thank you
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi. My cell service stopped working, luckily I have wifi at the moment
Hi.
My cell service stopped working, luckily I have wifi at the moment
Hi Josh. I will be happy to help you with this today.
Hi Josh.
I will be happy to help you with this today.
Can you verify your phone number?
555-318-0866
Ok great. Thanks for verifying.
Ok great.
Thanks for verifying.
I checked your account and the last payment order was declined by the bank
Can I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
Sure
ok great. Give me one second while I attempt to re-bill the card on file.
ok great.
Give me one second while I attempt to re-bill the card on file.
Good news! The re-bill was successful.
Good news!
The re-bill was successful.
Great!
Service will be back up and running normally in about 5-10 minutes
Ok thanks
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all
ok great. enjoy the rest of your day
ok great.
enjoy the rest of your day
Hi I'm having phone problems
I can use wifi but phone service is dead
Not sure what's up
Hi Peter! I will be happy to help you with this today.
Hi Peter!
I will be happy to help you with this today.
My phone # 703-946-6304
Thank you for verifying your phone number
I am looking up your account now
Thanks
Very busy day
At work need my phone!
Ok not a problem. It looks like the payment order was declined by the bank
Ok not a problem.
It looks like the payment order was declined by the bank
Hmm
Not sure how that happened
To get your service back up and running, Is it ok I attempt to re-bill the card we have on file?
Yes either try it w primary or w backup on file
Thank you Peter . I tried it again and it went through.
Thank you Peter .
I tried it again and it went through.
Whew
Your service will be reactivated within 5-10 minutes
So phone will be back on soon
Ok
Great
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
Thx
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi. I ordered a bookshelf which arrived today. As I was putting it together I noticed a shelf was missing
Hi.
I ordered a bookshelf which arrived today.
As I was putting it together I noticed a shelf was missing
Hi Josh! NO worries, I will be happy to help you
Hi Josh!
NO worries, I will be happy to help you
Can you verify that you ordered the oak shelf?
Yes the oak shelf
I will be sending over a replacement shelf at no cost to you.
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience. As a gift I would like to buy you a complimentary book to help you fill the case
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience.
As a gift I would like to buy you a complimentary book to help you fill the case
Which book would you like?
Great. How about "brave new world"
Great.
How about "brave new world"
Ok great. I have ordered the missing piece and have set a reminder to place an order for the book later today
Ok great.
I have ordered the missing piece and have set a reminder to place an order for the book later today
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Thanks
You're welcome!
Hello we bought an oak bookshelf from you and it got delivered today
Now that it's assembled it's missing one shelf!
Hi Peter. I will be happy to help you with this
Hi Peter.
I will be happy to help you with this
Can you verify that you ordered the oak desk?
Yes that's the one
Definitely missing a shelf
ok great.
I will be sending over a replacement shelf at no cost to you.
Oh great
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience. As a gift I would like to buy you a complimentary book to help you fill the case
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience.
As a gift I would like to buy you a complimentary book to help you fill the case
Oh nice
Would love a copy of The Hobbit
ok great. Give me one second while I update your account
ok great.
Give me one second while I update your account
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
Awesome
Thanks for the help
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks!
You're welcome!
Hi. I missed my flight to Dallas because I was snowed in. Can you help get me on another flight?
Hi.
I missed my flight to Dallas because I was snowed in.
Can you help get me on another flight?
Hi Josh . I will be happy to assist you!
Hi Josh .
I will be happy to assist you!
In regards to the flight that you missed, What was the flight time, date and your destination?
9AM this morning going to Dallas from Denver
ok I do see here that you flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at either 10a or 1p. Which time works better for you?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at either 10a or 1p.
Which time works better for you?
10a
Ok great. I have scheduled you for the 10a flight. Your Flight Number is  0649, Seat 4F Aisle
Ok great.
I have scheduled you for the 10a flight.
Your Flight Number is  0649, Seat 4F Aisle
I will e-mail your tickets
Great. Thanks
Great.
Thanks
you are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all
Thank you . Have a great day!
Thank you .
Have a great day!
Hi we're in a tough spot. Got stranded at our resort in Canada and missed flight home
Hi we're in a tough spot.
Got stranded at our resort in Canada and missed flight home
Tons of snow and no power
Just now got phone plugged in
Can you get us on flight from Toronto to DC some time soon?
Hi Peter. I will be happy to assist you.
Hi Peter.
I will be happy to assist you.
I will have you back home in no time
Thanks
That's reassuring
ok I do see here that you flight was cancelled and as a result I will change the flight tickets for free.
Really?
Free is great...:)
Were at the airport now so earliest out helps
But we'll take anything
I have a flight leaving today at  2p . Does this time work for you?
I have a flight leaving today at  2p .
Does this time work for you?
2 is great
We can grab a bite here first
Ok great. I have scheduled you for the 2p flight. Your Flight Number is 0649, Seat 4F Aisle
Ok great.
I have scheduled you for the 2p flight.
Your Flight Number is 0649, Seat 4F Aisle
Enjoy your meal!
Perfect
Thanks
I have e-mailed you the new boarding passes.
Really appreciate it
You are very welcome have a great day
Thanks
Hi! I just moved and I need to update my address and schedule a new install.
Hi!
I just moved and I need to update my address and schedule a new install.
Hi Patricia! No worries, I will be happy to help you!
Hi Patricia!
No worries, I will be happy to help you!
Can you verify your new address?
Sure
4721 hickory lane Hamden CT 06473
Thank you for verifying this new information. I am going to place you on a brief hold while I update your account
Thank you for verifying this new information.
I am going to place you on a brief hold while I update your account
Ok
Thank you for holding. I have updated your new address
Thank you for holding.
I have updated your new address
Thanks!
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area.
There are currently no problems
Ok
Ok
When can I get a new install?
I can have a technician come to service the issue tomorrow from 10-1p. Will someone be home?
I can have a technician come to service the issue tomorrow from 10-1p.
Will someone be home?
Yes
Ok Great. I have scheduled the appointment. You will have internet services in no time!
Ok Great.
I have scheduled the appointment.
You will have internet services in no time!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. Thanks!
Nope.
Thanks!
Ok great. Have an awesome day!
Ok great.
Have an awesome day!
My cellphone just stopped working with no notice! This is really frustrating! What is going on???
My cellphone just stopped working with no notice!
This is really frustrating!
What is going on??
?
Hi Patricia. I am sorry to hear about the issues you are having. I will be happy to assist you!
Hi Patricia.
I am sorry to hear about the issues you are having.
I will be happy to assist you!
Can you verify your phone number?
Sure
697-965-3232
Ok thank you!
After reviewing your account, I see that your last payment order was declined by the bank.
Oh no! I don't know why! Can you try again???
Oh no!
I don't know why!
Can you try again??
?
To get your service back up and running, can I attempt to re-bill the card we have on file?
Ok thanks!
Great news. The transaction was successful. Your cell phone service will be reactivated in about 5-10 minutes!
Great news.
The transaction was successful.
Your cell phone service will be reactivated in about 5-10 minutes!
Ok great! Thanks!
Ok great!
Thanks!
I am happy that we resolved your issue. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am happy that we resolved your issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it!
ok awesome. Well enjoy the rest of your day!
ok awesome.
Well enjoy the rest of your day!
I ordered a bookshelf online and one of the shelves is missing. I need you to send the shelf or pick the bookcase up!
I ordered a bookshelf online and one of the shelves is missing.
I need you to send the shelf or pick the bookcase up!
Hi Patricia! Thank you for contacting us.
Hi Patricia!
Thank you for contacting us.
I am looking up your account. Can you verify that you purchased the Oak shelf?
I am looking up your account.
Can you verify that you purchased the Oak shelf?
Yes the oak one
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately at no cost.
Can you verify your delivery address and contact phone number?
Ok thanks!
Ok
4721 hickory lane Hamden CT 06473 phone: 697-965-3232
You are very welcome! Thank you for providing this information. I want to ensure we are sending the replacement to the correct address.
You are very welcome!
Thank you for providing this information.
I want to ensure we are sending the replacement to the correct address.
Ok thanks
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. I would like to send you a complimentary book of your choice to help you fill the book case
Additionally , I am sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you.
I would like to send you a complimentary book of your choice to help you fill the book case
Which book would you like?
Cool!
Hunger Games
Nice! I love those series of books!
Nice!
I love those series of books!
Great choice!
Me too!
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
Thanks!
You are very welcome . I am happy that we were able to resolve your issue. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome .
I am happy that we were able to resolve your issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it
awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
awesome.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
I got snowed in at my resort! I need to let the airline know and reschedule my flight.
I got snowed in at my resort!
I need to let the airline know and reschedule my flight.
Hi Patricia! Ohh no. No problem. I am going to look into this!
Hi Patricia!
Ohh no.
No problem.
I am going to look into this!
Thanks
Can you tell me your missed flight's information such as the  time and destination?
Sure
9 AM to New Orleans
Thank you. Was your departure for tomorrow?
Thank you.
Was your departure for tomorrow?
No today
This morning
ok thank you for verifying. I checked your flight status and the flight was indeed cancelled. As a result I am going to change the flight tickets for you free of charge.
ok thank you for verifying.
I checked your flight status and the flight was indeed cancelled.
As a result I am going to change the flight tickets for you free of charge.
Cool!
I have an open flight leaving to New Orleans today at 3p. Does this time work for you?
I have an open flight leaving to New Orleans today at 3p.
Does this time work for you?
Yep perfect!
sweet! I have booked you on this flight and will have the flight tickets emailed to you. New flight number is 7898, Seat 4B Window
sweet!
I have booked you on this flight and will have the flight tickets emailed to you.
New flight number is 7898, Seat 4B Window
Ok thanks!!
Ok thanks!
!
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today Patricia?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today Patricia?
No that's all
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day and have a safe flight!
Ok great.
Enjoy the rest of your day and have a safe flight!
Thanks
I recently moved to a new apartment and I would like you to update my residential address and would like to place an order for a new installation as my new address does not have the required cabling
Hey Somesh, I will be able to help you with this. Could you provide me with your new address details?
Hey Somesh, I will be able to help you with this.
Could you provide me with your new address details?
34 york street
Is this an apartment or a house?
Apartment no. 4 in the building
Apartment no.
4 in the building
Thank you for the information, standby while I update it in our system
Ok
Your account details have been updated. I have looked and I see we can service your address.
Your account details have been updated.
I have looked and I see we can service your address.
Thank you
The earliest appointment is 10 April, between 2-5pm?
10 April anytime after 12:00 is good
Great, let me booked in this appointment.
Thank you
I have booked in that appointment.
Great
Is there anything else which I can help you with?
No that will be all
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice and I have a lot of admin to do. Luckily I have access to wifi . I would like you to solve this problem as soon as possible.
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice and I have a lot of admin to do.
Luckily I have access to wifi .
I would like you to solve this problem as soon as possible.
Hey Somesh, let me assist you with this.  Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Hey Somesh, let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
5647548734
Thank you, standby while I investigate on the the system what is going on.
Ok
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank. Would you like me to rebilll the card details which we have on the system?
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
Would you like me to rebilll the card details which we have on the system?
Can you pay it with my account ?
No problem. Standby while I do so..
No problem.
Standby while I do so..
Thank you
The transaction was successful. You service should become active within the next 5-10min
The transaction was successful.
You service should become active within the next 5-10min
is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is great
No that will be all
In that case, have a great day.
I have ordered a bookshelf from you and on trying to assemble it I realise that there is a shelf missing. I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick up this one and send me a new one
I have ordered a bookshelf from you and on trying to assemble it I realise that there is a shelf missing.
I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick up this one and send me a new one
Hi Somesh . I ams sorry to hear that . I will be happy to help you!
Hi Somesh .
I ams sorry to hear that .
I will be happy to help you!
Can you verify you purchased the oak shelf?
Yes I purchased the oak bookshelf
ok great!
I am going to check your account right now
Ok
I am going to send you a replacement shelf at no cost
Can you verify your address?
36 York market
Thank you!
As a gift I would like to send you a complimentary book of your choosing to help you fill in your new bookcase
Which book would you like?
Do you have Harry Potter?
After checking Harry Potter, they do have the book
Great news! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Great news!
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Thank you so much
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all
OK aweome! Have a great day!
OK aweome!
Have a great day!
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight. The resort had no means of external communication so I was unable to notify the airline. I just arrived in the town would like you to find the next flight for me
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight.
The resort had no means of external communication so I was unable to notify the airline.
I just arrived in the town would like you to find the next flight for me
Hi Somesh! Sorry to hear this. Im happy to help you get back home safely!
Hi Somesh!
Sorry to hear this.
Im happy to help you get back home safely!
Can you tell me your flight details such as time, date and destination?
My flight was from Alaska to New York
Flight number is 74746474
Ok thank you
I checked and I do see that the flight was cancelled. I am going to change your flight tickets free of charge.
I checked and I do see that the flight was cancelled.
I am going to change your flight tickets free of charge.
Thank you
When will be the next flight ?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9a and 10a. Which time works better for you?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9a and 10a.
Which time works better for you?
Please book a seat for me in that flight
Ok I have booked you for the 9a flight. Your new  Flight number is 8989, Seat 5E Aisle. I will email you the tickets.
Ok I have booked you for the 9a flight.
Your new  Flight number is 8989, Seat 5E Aisle.
I will email you the tickets.
Thank you
You are very welcome Somesh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome Somesh.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Ok awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Ok awesome.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I have recently relocated from my apartment and need you to update my residential address also I would like you to place an order for a new installation as my new address does not have the required cabling.
Hi Somesh! No worries. I will be happy to assist you
Hi Somesh!
No worries.
I will be happy to assist you
Can you verify your new address?
Hi Somesh. Are you still there?
Hi Somesh.
Are you still there?
I recently relocated from my apartment and need you to update my residential address and also would like to place an order for a new installation as my new address does not have the required cabling
Hi Kevin! Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to assist you.
Hi Kevin!
Thank you for contacting us.
I will be happy to assist you.
Can you provide me with your new address?
It is 2794 conaway  street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you for this information. I have updated your account with  your new address. I am checking to make sure your area is serviceable.
Thank you for this information.
I have updated your account with  your new address.
I am checking to make sure your area is serviceable.
Ok
Your area is serviceable
Ok
The next installation date I have is tomorrow from 10a-1p. Will someone be home?
The next installation date I have is tomorrow from 10a-1p.
Will someone be home?
That is great
awesome. I have scheduled the installation.
awesome.
I have scheduled the installation.
Thank you
Everything is all set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Everything is all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all
ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
ok great.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello
I need to order internet service setup at my new home
I also need to update billing w my new address here
Hi Hannah. I will be happy to assit you
Hi Hannah.
I will be happy to assit you
Can you provide me with your new mailing address?
3165 Lucy Lane
Terre Haute IN 47807
I don't think this place is set up for service
Needs cabling installed
Thank you for providing me with your new address. I have updated your account.
Thank you for providing me with your new address.
I have updated your account.
I am checking to make sure the address is serviceable.
Ok
Great news. Your area is serviceable. My next installation date is tomorrow from 3p-4p. Will someone be home?
Great news.
Your area is serviceable.
My next installation date is tomorrow from 3p-4p.
Will someone be home?
I will make sure to be here
Ok great, the installation has been scheduled.
Thanks
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks for the help
Ok awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Ok awesome.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi
I think I just lost phone service. Still have wifi
I think I just lost phone service.
Still have wifi
Not sure why
Bad day for it. I have lots of business calls
Bad day for it.
I have lots of business calls
Hi William. I am sorry to hear you been having issues with your phone service. I am happy to help you so you can get back to normal service.
Hi William.
I am sorry to hear you been having issues with your phone service.
I am happy to help you so you can get back to normal service.
Thanks
Phone is 314-946-6304
Can you verify your phone number?
Thank you for verifying William
Np
I am looking into your account now
It looks like your last payment was declined by the bank.
Huh
Can I re-bill the monthly charge to the card we have on file?
Yes please try that
I just recharged the card and the re-bill was successful
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope
Thanks for the assist
ok awesome. You are very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
ok awesome.
You are very welcome.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. We got a bookshelf from you folks just delivered and now that I have
Hi.
We got a bookshelf from you folks just delivered and now that I have
Almost assembled it I think it's missing a shelf piece
Definitely missing a shelf
Can that be replaced?
Hey William. I am sorry you are experiencing problems with your product.
Hey William.
I am sorry you are experiencing problems with your product.
Can you verify you purchased the oak shelf?
That's the one.
I will be sending over a replacement shelf immediately at no cost to you
Can  you verify your address
Sure
3165 Lucy Lane
Terre Haute IN 47807
thank you
I would like to also send you a new book complimentary to fill in your new book case
Which book would you like
My wife would love a copy of Gone Girl
That's really nice of you!
ok perfect. Give me one second to put that order in
ok perfect.
Give me one second to put that order in
Ok
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Great
Ok awesome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok awesome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks for the help
ok awesome. You are welcome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice. I had a lot of admin to do. I would like you to resolve this problem as soon as possible.
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice.
I had a lot of admin to do.
I would like you to resolve this problem as soon as possible.
Hi Kevin. I am sorry to hear you have been experiencing issues with your cell phone. I will be happy to help you.
Hi Kevin.
I am sorry to hear you have been experiencing issues with your cell phone.
I will be happy to help you.
Can you verify your phone number
56745756
ok awesome. I am looking up your account
ok awesome.
I am looking up your account
it looks like the last payment was declined by the bank. Can I rebill the card on file?
it looks like the last payment was declined by the bank.
Can I rebill the card on file?
Can you pay it with my account?
yes I can
I am trying the card now
Any luck ?
The rebill was successful this time around. Your service should be back up and running within 5-10 minutes
The rebill was successful this time around.
Your service should be back up and running within 5-10 minutes
Thank you
You are very welcome. I am so happy we resolved this issue.
You are very welcome.
I am so happy we resolved this issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all
ok awesome have a great dat
day*
I have ordered a bookshelf online and on trying to assemble it I realise that there is a shelf missing. I would like you to either send the missing shelf or pick up this one and send a new bookshelf
I have ordered a bookshelf online and on trying to assemble it I realise that there is a shelf missing.
I would like you to either send the missing shelf or pick up this one and send a new bookshelf
Hi Kevin. I am sorry to hear that you are experiencing problems with your product.
Hi Kevin.
I am sorry to hear that you are experiencing problems with your product.
Can you verify that you purchased the oak shelf?
Yes I purchased the oak bookshelf
ok great . I will send you a replacement shelf at no cost.
ok great .
I will send you a replacement shelf at no cost.
Thank you
Can you verify your mailing address and phone number?
It is 2794 conaway street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you.
As a gift, I would like to send you a free book of your choice. Which book would you like?
As a gift, I would like to send you a free book of your choice.
Which book would you like?
Do you have Lord of the rings ?
After checking Amazon , they do have the book . I have placed an order for the book and the shelf.
After checking Amazon , they do have the book .
I have placed an order for the book and the shelf.
Nice
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
Hi. I hope someone there can help us.  Been stranded due to snowstorm at ski resort last 36 hours
Hi.
I hope someone there can help us.
Been stranded due to snowstorm at ski resort last 36 hours
Missed our flight home this morning
Hi William. I will be happy to help you with this!
Hi William.
I will be happy to help you with this!
Just got to airport and got phone recharged
Really sorry we couldn't get thru
It's ok.
Can you give me your flight details?
Our original flight was United 422 from Denver to St. Louis
At 10:45 this morning
ok no worries I am going to reschedule your flight at no cost
Oh wow
I have a flight leaving later today at 4p.
Thanks. That's perfect
Thanks.
That's perfect
Awesome. Your new flight number is United 456. Seat 5E Aisle
Awesome.
Your new flight number is United 456.
Seat 5E Aisle
Ok
That's great
awesome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
awesome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
You've been great
Thanks!
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight. The resort had no means of external communication so I was unable to notify the airlines. I would like you to find out when the next flight is.
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight.
The resort had no means of external communication so I was unable to notify the airlines.
I would like you to find out when the next flight is.
HI Kevin. Sorry to hear that. I will be happy to help
HI Kevin.
Sorry to hear that.
I will be happy to help
Can you tell me your flight details?
It was a return flight from Alaska to Bloomington and flight number is 4855267
ok great. I do see that your flight was cancelled  and as a result I will change your flights for free.
ok great.
I do see that your flight was cancelled  and as a result I will change your flights for free.
Ok that will be great
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 9a. Is that good for you?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 9a.
Is that good for you?
Ya that will be perfect
I have rescheduled flight due to being snowed in. New flight number U5632, Seat 10A Window
I have rescheduled flight due to being snowed in.
New flight number U5632, Seat 10A Window
I will email you the new booking information,
Thank you
you are very welcome
anything else i can help you with
No that will be all
ok great have a good day!
I have recently moved and need to update my address and order installation at my new place.
Hi Kevin. I will be happy to help you!
Hi Kevin.
I will be happy to help you!
Can you tell me your new address?
2794 Conaway street, Bloomington, IN 47408
ok thank you. I have updated your account
ok thank you.
I have updated your account
i am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Okay thanks
There are no problems in your area.
The next available appointment is tomorrow between 9a and noon okay for the tech to come out. Are you available?
The next available appointment is tomorrow between 9a and noon okay for the tech to come out.
Are you available?
Yes
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment .
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope that's it
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
How do I create another issue
Okay. My cellphone service has stopped working
Okay.
My cellphone service has stopped working
HI Kevin. I will be happy to help you.
HI Kevin.
I will be happy to help you.
Thank you
Can you verify your phone number?
Yes. 510 778 4111
Yes.
510 778 4111
Thank you.
It looks like your last payment was declined by the bank.
Really oh shoot
Okay. So if I take care of that then I will probably have my service back on
Okay.
So if I take care of that then I will probably have my service back on
?
Can I rebill the payment to the card we have  on file?
Yes you can
Thank you
rebill was successful. Your service will be back on in 5 minutes
rebill was successful.
Your service will be back on in 5 minutes
Great. Thank you!
Great.
Thank you!
Youre welcome
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
That's it thabks
ok great
have a good day!
Hey I just moved and need to get new installation of my cable at my new house please
Hi Jon! I will be happy to assist you on this matter
Hi Jon!
I will be happy to assist you on this matter
Alright
Can you provide me with your new address
3165 Lucy lane terre haute IN 47807
Thank you.
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Everything is working fine
Ok great
I can schedule a tech to come out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work
That would be great
awesome
hold one second
Your installation has been scheduled.
IS there anything else I can help you with?
Ok thank you and no that's all
awesome. Have a great day!
awesome.
Have a great day!
I moved to a new apartment so I need to update my address and schedule installation at the new address.
Hi Bill. I will be happy to help you
Hi Bill.
I will be happy to help you
Ok
Can you provide me with your new address?
14 Main Street charlotte nc 28273 apt 1616
thank you
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Ok
Everything is working fine
So they can install it?
I can schedule a tech to come out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work
Yes that works.
Your installation has been scheduled.
Thanks
Youre welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Youre welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
I have ordered a bookshelf from acme and there seems like there are parts missing. I'm pretty sure a shelf is missing
I have ordered a bookshelf from acme and there seems like there are parts missing.
I'm pretty sure a shelf is missing
Is it possible to have the shelf sent or the whole product replaced?
HI Kevin!
I will be happy to help you. Can you verify the type of shelf?
I will be happy to help you.
Can you verify the type of shelf?
Sorry haha. How do I do that
Sorry haha.
How do I do that
I am looking into your account and I See you purchased the oak
Yes I believe that is it
I am going to send you a replacement shelf for free
That's graat
Thank you
I would also like to send you a free book?
Which would you like?
Do you have 50 shades of gray
Yes we do . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Yes we do .
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Wow. So nice. Thank you
Wow.
So nice.
Thank you
Your welcome. Anything else I can help you with today?
Your welcome.
Anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
Hi my cell reception is not picking up. I have wifi for now but have a lot to do and need to see what the problem is
Hi my cell reception is not picking up.
I have wifi for now but have a lot to do and need to see what the problem is
HI John I can assist you with this
Can you verify your number?
3182243339
Great . I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt to charge the card on file again?
Great .
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt to charge the card on file again?
Yes, that would be fine
card was successfully charged. Your service will be reactivated in 5 minutes.
card was successfully charged.
Your service will be reactivated in 5 minutes.
Awesome! Thanks so much
Awesome!
Thanks so much
your welcome. Anything else?
your welcome.
Anything else?
That's all ty
have a great day
My cell phone service stopped working. Can you help me solve the problem?
My cell phone service stopped working.
Can you help me solve the problem?
Hi Bill. I can help you. Can you verify your number?
Hi Bill.
I can help you.
Can you verify your number?
363-464-3656
Great . I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt to charge the card on file again?
Great .
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt to charge the card on file again?
Yes please
card was successfully charged. Your service will be reactivated in 5 minutes.
card was successfully charged.
Your service will be reactivated in 5 minutes.
Ok great. Thanks.
Ok great.
Thanks.
your welcome. Anything else?
your welcome.
Anything else?
No thanks
have a great day
Hi I ordered a new bookshelf and a shelf is missing. I either need a new shelf or the old one picked up and a new one delivered
Hi I ordered a new bookshelf and a shelf is missing.
I either need a new shelf or the old one picked up and a new one delivered
Hi Jon. I can help you.
Hi Jon.
I can help you.
I am looking into your account and I See you purchased the oak
I am going to send you a replacement shelf for free
That would be great how long to get to me
It will take 3-4 days
I would also like to send you a free book to help fill up the shelf
Which book would you like
Yes thanks!
Which book?
Encyclopedia would be fine
ok great . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
ok great .
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Thanks
anything else?
That's all ty
ok thank you!
I missed my flight and want to notify the airline ACME and want to find out when the next available flights are
Hi Kevin. I can help you. Give me one moment while I pull up your account.
Hi Kevin.
I can help you.
Give me one moment while I pull up your account.
Thank you
Can you provide flight details
Yeah. I want flights to boston
Yeah.
I want flights to boston
ok awesome. I do see that your flight was cancelled.
ok awesome.
I do see that your flight was cancelled.
I am going to get you on a new flight for free
We have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9a. Does that work for you?
We have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9a.
Does that work for you?
Great. Thank you
Great.
Thank you
Yes that works perfectly
Ok great. I have put you on Flight a56, seat 5E window
Ok great.
I have put you on Flight a56, seat 5E window
I will email you tickets
Thank you
I am happy that we resolved the matter. You are very welcome.
I am happy that we resolved the matter.
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
ok great. Have a safe flight!
ok great.
Have a safe flight!
I am putting together the book shelf that I ordered and I am missing a shelf.
Ok no worries. I can help you
Ok no worries.
I can help you
I am looking into your account and I See you purchased the oak
Right
I am going to send you a replacement shelf for free
I would also like to send you a free book to help fill up the shelf
Great. Thank you.
Great.
Thank you.
Which book would you like?
I like great gatsby
ok great
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thank you for the book.
That's all.
Thank you for the book.
You are very welcome!
have a great day!
Hi I was snowed in and missed my return flight. I wasn't able to tell yall because the phones were out. I need to know when I can get a return flight
Hi I was snowed in and missed my return flight.
I wasn't able to tell yall because the phones were out.
I need to know when I can get a return flight
Hi Jon. I will be happy to assist you. Can you provide flight details?
Hi Jon.
I will be happy to assist you.
Can you provide flight details?
It was a flight back to terre haute IN. First class and was scheduled for two days ago
It was a flight back to terre haute IN.
First class and was scheduled for two days ago
I do see here that your flight was cancelled and as a result I am going to change your flights free of charge.
That would be awesome
ok  great. I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9am tomorrow morning. Does this work for you?
ok  great.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 9am tomorrow morning.
Does this work for you?
That would work fine
I have rescheduled you on to the next available flight. Your new  flight number is  U5434, Seat 4F Window. For your convenience, I am emailing you the tickets.
I have rescheduled you on to the next available flight.
Your new  flight number is  U5434, Seat 4F Window.
For your convenience, I am emailing you the tickets.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks that will be it
Ok great , Have a safe flight and thank you for choosing ACME!
I need to change my address and need to place an order for new installation
Hi Kevin! Thanks so much contacting ACME! I can definitely help you on this!
Hi Kevin!
Thanks so much contacting ACME!
I can definitely help you on this!
Can you verify your new address?
2794 Conaway Street Bloomington, IN 47408
Ok thank you
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area.
I checked and saw your address is serviceable. I can have a technician come out to your new address tomorrow between 1p and 2p. Will someone be home?
I checked and saw your address is serviceable.
I can have a technician come out to your new address tomorrow between 1p and 2p.
Will someone be home?
I have also updated your account with your new address
Yes I will be home
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. You will have your internet back up and running in no time!
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
You will have your internet back up and running in no time!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you
Ok great. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Ok great.
Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
I was snowed in and missed my flight. Can you help me reschedule for the next available?
I was snowed in and missed my flight.
Can you help me reschedule for the next available?
Hi Bill. I am so sorry to hear this. I can help you on this matter
Hi Bill.
I am so sorry to hear this.
I can help you on this matter
Can you provide your flight details?
Flight 2737 from Denver
ok thank you. I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change your tickets free of charge.
ok thank you.
I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change your tickets free of charge.
Ok great.
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 10a. Does this work for you?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 10a.
Does this work for you?
That works for me
I have changed your flights. You New flight number is 13579, seat 19J Window
I have changed your flights.
You New flight number is 13579, seat 19J Window
I will email your tickets to you
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it
Ok awesome. Have a great day!
Ok awesome.
Have a great day!
Due to weather I missed my flight and was unable to notify you because I didnot have service at the resort where I was snowed in.  Can you tell me when the next available flights are?
Due to weather I missed my flight and was unable to notify you because I didnot have service at the resort where I was snowed in.
Can you tell me when the next available flights are?
Hi Kevin! I will be happy to help you with this and get you back to your destination safely!
Hi Kevin!
I will be happy to help you with this and get you back to your destination safely!
Can you provide your flight details, please?
Flight 1265 destination Chicago
ok thank you. I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I am going to change your tickets at no cost to you
ok thank you.
I do see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I am going to change your tickets at no cost to you
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 10a. Does that work for you?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 10a.
Does that work for you?
Thank you yes that flight is perfect
ok awesome. I have booked you on that flight. New flight number 13579, seat 19J Window
ok awesome.
I have booked you on that flight.
New flight number 13579, seat 19J Window
I will email tickets to you.
Great thanks for your help
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I'm all set thanks
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
Hello, I recently moved to a new address and I figured I'd need to update my address in ACME's system. I also need cable installed at my new place. Can you help me with this?
Hello, I recently moved to a new address and I figured I'd need to update my address in ACME's system.
I also need cable installed at my new place.
Can you help me with this?
Hi Kevin. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Hi Kevin.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide me with your new address?
My new address is 2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you!
Thank you providing this. I am checking to ensure your area is serviceable
Thank you providing this.
I am checking to ensure your area is serviceable
Okay, thank you
Great news! Your service is great. I can have a tech come out tomorrow. Are you avilable?
Great news!
Your service is great.
I can have a tech come out tomorrow.
Are you avilable?
What time tomorrow? I am available
What time tomorrow?
I am available
10a
I have scheduled your appoinment
The tech will come and install the internet
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, thank you very much.
No that is it, thank you for your help!
you are very welcome. Have a great day!
you are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi. I just relocated to a new apartment and need Internet installed.
Hi.
I just relocated to a new apartment and need Internet installed.
Hi Josh! Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Hi Josh!
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide me with your new address?
671 Langton rd, margaretta OH 44824
Thank you providing this. I am checking to ensure your area is serviceable
Thank you providing this.
I am checking to ensure your area is serviceable
Ok
Great news! Your service is great. I can have a tech come out tomorrow. Are you avilable?
Great news!
Your service is great.
I can have a tech come out tomorrow.
Are you avilable?
Yes anytime
ok perfect. I have scheduled your appointment
ok perfect.
I have scheduled your appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thanks
That's it.
Thanks
ok great
I recently moved. I need to update my address and get new installation, the new address does not have cable
I recently moved.
I need to update my address and get new installation, the new address does not have cable
Can u help me
Hi Kevin! Thank you for contacting ACME
Hi Kevin!
Thank you for contacting ACME
Hi Kevin. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Hi Kevin.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you.
Thank you
Can you provide your new address?
2794 conaway street Bloomington In 47408
ok great
I have updated your account
Awesome thank you
I will send a tech out to you tomorrow between 9a and 10a. Are you available?
I will send a tech out to you tomorrow between 9a and 10a.
Are you available?
Yes
Thank you.
I have scheduled your appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
ok great! have a good day!
ok great!
have a good day!
I ordered and received a bookshelf but when I took it out of the package I found there is a shelf missing
Thank you for contacting us!
You ordered oak shelf?
Hello?
Hello?
Did you order the oak shelf?
Hello
Hi I am here.
Are you able to see my responses?
Hello
I ordered a bookshelf and when I received it a shelf was missing how xan I get the shelf replaced or get a whole new bookshelf?
I will send a new shelf out to you free of charge
I would also like to send you a free book
Which book would you like?
hello?
Hi I just moved to new apartment so I need to update my residential address. Also I need to get new cabling installed at my new address!
Hi I just moved to new apartment so I need to update my residential address.
Also I need to get new cabling installed at my new address!
Hi Kevin. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Hi Kevin.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you.
Can you provide your new address
Sure 2794 Conway street. Bloomington IN 47408
Sure 2794 Conway street.
Bloomington IN 47408
Thank you . I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Thank you .
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Okay thank you
no problems.
I can have a tech come out tomorrow at 9a. Does this work for you?
I can have a tech come out tomorrow at 9a.
Does this work for you?
Yes I can do that actually.
ok perfect.
I have scheduled the appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it thank you
you're welcome have a great day!
I need to schedule an appointment for installation at my new apartment since it does not have cables installed for my internet.
Hi Smitty! Thank you for contacting us!
Hi Smitty!
Thank you for contacting us!
Can you verify your new address?
1666 pine street Miami Florida 32342
Thank you for providing
thank you for verifying. Please hold while I update your account!
thank you for verifying.
Please hold while I update your account!
Ok
I have checked and your address is serviceable
I can send a tech out tomorrow bwtween 9a and noon does that work
Yea that's good
I have scheduled the appointment. is there anything else I can do for you?
I have scheduled the appointment.
is there anything else I can do for you?
That's it. Thanks for your help.
That's it.
Thanks for your help.
you're welcome
have a great day!
Hi. I need to speak to someone about changing my address
Hi.
I need to speak to someone about changing my address
Billing address
Also I need to set up service at my new place for internet
Hey Jonathan, Let me assist you with this.
Thx
Could you provide me with the details of your new address?
Sure new address is
1704 Hidden Valley Rd
Harrisburg PA 17101
This place isn't wired for internet at all btw
Great, standby while I update the system with your information.
Thanks
I will also check if your new address is serviceable.
Ok
OK your address has been entered into the system. I have also looked and we do service your new address.
OK your address has been entered into the system.
I have also looked and we do service your new address.
Ok
The earliest that a technician can come out to make the installation is on 10 April, does this work for you?
Yeah that will work
I will arrange to be here
So I ca go ahead and schedule and appointment between 11a - 1p?
Yes that's good
Great, one moment while I schedule the appointment.
Ok
Ok your appointment has been booked and confirmed.
Is there anything else I can assist you with
No
Thx
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
Hello. My cell service is not working. Pretty sure I made this months payment.
Hello.
My cell service is not working.
Pretty sure I made this months payment.
Hey Josh, let me have a look what I can do to help.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
555-318-0866
Thank you, one moment while I investigate.
Ok
It seems your payment was authorized but for some reason the bank declined it at a later stage
I do appologize for this
Oh ok
If you would like I can try re billing the payment?
Yes please
Standby while I do this.
Ok it seems your payment was successful.
Ok good
Your service should be reactivated within the next 5-10min
Perfect
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day further.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day further.
Hi, I'm moving soon to a new apartment that isn't wired for cable, can I get u guys to install it and xfer my service?  Please.
Hi, I'm moving soon to a new apartment that isn't wired for cable, can I get u guys to install it and xfer my service?
Please.
HI Nancy! Thank you for contacting us!

Can you verify your new address?
HI Nancy!
Thank you for contacting us!
Can you verify your new address?
2501 tuxedo rd apt b Spartanburg 29302
thank you for verifying. Please hold while I update your account!
thank you for verifying.
Please hold while I update your account!
I have updated your account and your service is great
Thanks when will they install?  I'm moving on the 13th.
Thanks when will they install?
I'm moving on the 13th.
They can come at 9a on the 13th
Does this work for you?
That'd be great. Thanks
That'd be great.
Thanks
ok awesome.
You are all scheduled. Have a great day!
You are all scheduled.
Have a great day!
Ty
Hello, I just noticed that the service for my phone is not working. I am able to use wifi but nothing loads and I am unable to send any texts when I am not on wifi. Can you help me?
Hello, I just noticed that the service for my phone is not working.
I am able to use wifi but nothing loads and I am unable to send any texts when I am not on wifi.
Can you help me?
Hey Kevin I will be able to help you with this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Hey Kevin I will be able to help you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
5402861959
Thank you, stand by while I research what the issue is.
Okay, take your time
It seem the last payment was declined by the bank, would you like me to try and rebill the card which we have on the system?
Hmm, that's strange. Can you try and charge it again for me?
Hmm, that's strange.
Can you try and charge it again for me?
Sure thing, one moment while I process the payment.
Okay, thank you
OK your payment has been processed. Your service should be active within the next 5-10 min.
OK your payment has been processed.
Your service should be active within the next 5-10 min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Okay. Thanks. I'll message you guys again if the service still doesn't work after a little bit.
Okay.
Thanks.
I'll message you guys again if the service still doesn't work after a little bit.
And no, that is all. Thank you for your help
And no, that is all.
Thank you for your help
great. was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
great.
was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
I moved from my old house and now moved into my new house. I have cable with yall and need you to come out and install my new cable
I moved from my old house and now moved into my new house.
I have cable with yall and need you to come out and install my new cable
Need assistance please
Hey Peter, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your new address details?
3797 maud st          Wilmington, DE 19801
thank you, let me enter this information into the system.
Alright
your information has been updated on the system. And it seems your new address is indeed serviceable.
your information has been updated on the system.
And it seems your new address is indeed serviceable.
The earliest appointment which I have available is on the 14 April, will this work for you?
Anyway I could get it sooner?
What  I can do is put you on a list that if a cancelation occurs they will contact you and ask if you are available if you wish?
That would work thank you
Great, adding you to the list.
Thanks
OK you have been added .
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That will be all
Was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
Was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
My cellphone just stopped working. Lucky I have access to wifi. Can you tell me what the problem is and when it will be fixed?
My cellphone just stopped working.
Lucky I have access to wifi.
Can you tell me what the problem is and when it will be fixed?
Hi. I am happy to help you.
Hi.
I am happy to help you.
Can you verify your phone number?
This could not have happened on a worse day, I have a lot of admin to sort out
8033157270
I am so sorry this happened to you. I will make sure everything is all good.
I am so sorry this happened to you.
I will make sure everything is all good.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank
can i try running the card on file again?
Yes please
ok, hold one moment
card worked. Service will be restored in 5 minutes
card worked.
Service will be restored in 5 minutes
Thank u
you're welcome! have a great day!
you're welcome!
have a great day!
Hi my phone isn't working correctly I can't make any calls, pls help!
Hey Nancy, Let me assist you with this. Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
Hey Nancy, Let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
8033481445
Thank you, standby while I investigate.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
If you want I can try and re bill your account with the card details which are on the system?
What!!????  Oh no, what can I do?  I need my service on right now!
What!!????
Oh no, what can I do?
I need my service on right now!
Yea pls!
Great, let me do this for you. Standby please.
Great, let me do this for you.
Standby please.
Ok your payment has been processed, Your account should be activated within the next 5-10min.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
THank you!!!!!!!!!!!
THank you!!!!!!!!!!
!
No problem, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thanks you're a great help.
Great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day.
Great, was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day.
Hi. I seem to have lost my phone service. Wifi working
Hi.
I seem to have lost my phone service.
Wifi working
Can you check it?
Still have a lot of work calls to make today
I am so sorry this happened to you. I will make sure everything is all good.
I am so sorry this happened to you.
I will make sure everything is all good.
Can you verify your phone numer
number*
Sure
703-571-1580
thank you. I am checking your account. Please hold a moment
thank you.
I am checking your account.
Please hold a moment
Thanks
It looks like the payment did not go through. Can I try recharging the card?
It looks like the payment did not go through.
Can I try recharging the card?
Hmm
Not sure why
Ok perfect. The card went through. Your service will restored in 10 minutes
Ok perfect.
The card went through.
Your service will restored in 10 minutes
Whew
Great
awesome. Anything else I can help you with?
awesome.
Anything else I can help you with?
Nope
Thanks for getting my phone on
awesome thanks!
no worries
Hi I was just trying to make a few calls and my cell service cut out.  Can you help me troubleshoot?
Hi I was just trying to make a few calls and my cell service cut out.
Can you help me troubleshoot?
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can investigate further?
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can investigate further?
I will need you cellphone number to investigate further.
5185983378
Thank you let me investigate quickly, standby please.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
Oh no can I use my visa card instead?
If you want we can try that, but I would recommend that we try re billing your card details on which are on the system, first ?
Okay yes you can try that please.
Ok one moment while I try doing this..
OK the payment was successful. Your account should be activated within the next 5-10min.
OK the payment was successful.
Your account should be activated within the next 5-10min.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ok no. Thanks so much
Ok no.
Thanks so much
Have a great day.
was a pleasure helping you.
Hell. Just received the bookshelf I ordered and it's missing one of the shelves. Order # 468964
Hell.
Just received the bookshelf I ordered and it's missing one of the shelves.
Order # 468964
Hi Josh! I am sorry you are having an issue with our product. Can you verify you purchased the oak?,
Hi Josh!
I am sorry you are having an issue with our product.
Can you verify you purchased the oak?,
Yes the oak
ok perfect. I am sending you out a replacement shelf
ok perfect.
I am sending you out a replacement shelf
As a thank you, i would like to send you a book
Great.
which book would you like?
The Boys in the Boat by Daniel James Brown
ok perfect . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
ok perfect .
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it
ok awesome. Have a great day!!!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!!
!
I ordered a bookshelf, their is a shelf missing when I put it together
Can u send me a shelf or pick up the one I have and replace it?
Did you purchase the oak?
Yes
give me one moment
I have placed an online order for the new shelf
Which book as a gift would you like?
Awesome thank u
Surprise me
ok awesome. I will.
ok awesome.
I will.
Everything is all taken care of.
Thanks again
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope Ty
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
Hey, I ordered a bookshelf online recently and when I was putting it together, I noticed that one of the shelves was missing. Can you assist me with this problem?
Hey, I ordered a bookshelf online recently and when I was putting it together, I noticed that one of the shelves was missing.
Can you assist me with this problem?
Hi. I can help you
Hi.
I can help you
I will send you a replacement shelf for free.
I would also like to send you a complimentary book
Which book would you like?
Okay, that would be great, thank you!
And it's okay. You don't have to send me a complimentary book
And it's okay.
You don't have to send me a complimentary book
Ok no worries. You are great. I have placed an order for the shelf.
Ok no worries.
You are great.
I have placed an order for the shelf.
It should arrive in 3-4 days
Okay, thank you for your help!
ok you're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok you're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. Thank you
No, that is all.
Thank you
you're welcome
Hello. Think I need help w a bookshelf we ordered
Hello.
Think I need help w a bookshelf we ordered
Just got it put together & it's missing a shelf piece
Is there any way to get a replacement?
Hey Jonathan , I apologize for this.  Let me try and get this resolved as fast as possible.
Hey Jonathan , I apologize for this.
Let me try and get this resolved as fast as possible.
Could you please give me the order number?
Order is 514288-091
Thank, give me a moment while I pull up the details
Ok
OK I have pulled up your order, just to confirm it is the oak 5 shelf bookshelf right?
Yes that's the one
Great, we have spare parts, let me just order you the spare shelf.
Ok excellent
OK your order has been placed.
Cool
Glad I don't have to take it apart
Your order should be arriving within the next 2 business days. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Your order should be arriving within the next 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
Thanks
great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
great, was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
Hi I just bought the acme black desires hard wood bookshelf and while putting it together I found there are only two shelves included. The picture shows three shelves. I think I'm missing a shelf.
Hi I just bought the acme black desires hard wood bookshelf and while putting it together I found there are only two shelves included.
The picture shows three shelves.
I think I'm missing a shelf.
Hi Nancy. I will be happy to help you.
Hi Nancy.
I will be happy to help you.
can you verify your address?
4216 traction at Spartanburg 29302
Ok thank you
I am sending you a replacement shelf for free.
I am also going to include a free book of your choice. Which would you like?
I am also going to include a free book of your choice.
Which would you like?
Thanks oh great how about to kill a mockingbird
Yes we have that book in stock. I have placed an order for both the shelf and book. They will both be shipped out to you.
Yes we have that book in stock.
I have placed an order for both the shelf and book.
They will both be shipped out to you.
Thanks when will they arrive?
they should arrive within 3-4 days. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
they should arrive within 3-4 days.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No you've been very helpful.
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
I'm trying to use my cell phone and the service is not picking up. I'm using wifi right now. Can you check to see what is going on with my service
I'm trying to use my cell phone and the service is not picking up.
I'm using wifi right now.
Can you check to see what is going on with my service
Hi Peter, Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to help
Hi Peter, Thank you for contacting us.
I will be happy to help
Ok thanks
please provide your phone number
16023578423
I see your card was declined by the bank. Can I recharge the card we have on file?
I see your card was declined by the bank.
Can I recharge the card we have on file?
Wow declined?? Ok yes run it again
Wow declined??
Ok yes run it again
The charge was successful this time. Your service will be restored in 5 minutes.
The charge was successful this time.
Your service will be restored in 5 minutes.
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
That's all
ok awesome .have a great day
I am snowed in at my resort and missed my return flight. I was unable to contact the airline , I would like to explain y I missed my flight and see when is the next available flight
I am snowed in at my resort and missed my return flight.
I was unable to contact the airline , I would like to explain y I missed my flight and see when is the next available flight
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Thank u
Could you please provide me with the details of the flight you missed?
I would just need that that to streamline the booking process
It was going back home Bloomington il
Can you remember the flight number?
267
great , I see that flight was actually canceled so, so I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
Awesome
I have two options one for tonight at 8p and another for tonight at 11p
would either of these work for you?
8 would be great
Ok, it seems I can get you the exact same seats as your previous flight. Are you happy with this?
Ok, it seems I can get you the exact same seats as your previous flight.
Are you happy with this?
Yes
Thank u ill be there at 8
You should be receiving the tickets via email anytime soon.
Thanks
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No Ty
In that case, thank you for choosing ACME, and have a safe flight.
My cell service stopped working so I'm hoping you can help me get it straightened out
Hey Smitty, I am sorry to hear this, could you provide me with your cellphone number?
444-453-4534
Thank you, one moment while I investigate what the problem could be.
Ok
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank
If you would like I can try rebilling your account with the details we have on the system?
Yea try that. I'm not sure why it was declined
Yea try that.
I'm not sure why it was declined
Ok let me try the rebill, standby please.
Ok
Ok the payment was successful. you account should be reactivated within the next 5-10min.
Ok the payment was successful.
you account should be reactivated within the next 5-10min.
Cool. Thanks
Cool.
Thanks
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope that's it
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
Hi I ordered a bookshelf online but while assembling I noticed a shelf is missing.  Can you assist?
Hi I ordered a bookshelf online but while assembling I noticed a shelf is missing.
Can you assist?
Hi Peter. I can help you with this!
Hi Peter.
I can help you with this!
Which type of shelf did you order?
It was a large black bookshelf with four shelves.  Only got 3
It was a large black bookshelf with four shelves.
Only got 3
ok. I will send you a replacement shelf
ok.
I will send you a replacement shelf
Great thank you.
and a complimentary book. Which book would you like?
and a complimentary book.
Which book would you like?
How about idiocracy
ok perfect. I have ordered your shelf and book
ok perfect.
I have ordered your shelf and book
Thank you!  When should I expect delivery?
Thank you!
When should I expect delivery?
within 3-4 days
Great thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope that's it
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
I recently moved to a new apartment. I want to update all my personal contact information so that my account is still active. And also Id like to have someone come out and reinstall all the needed cables and other data service because my new home doesn't have any of those things.
I recently moved to a new apartment.
I want to update all my personal contact information so that my account is still active.
And also Id like to have someone come out and reinstall all the needed cables and other data service because my new home doesn't have any of those things.
So there away to resolve this issues quickly
Hey Patricicica, I will be able to help you.
Could you please provide me with your new address details?
4722 hickory lane Hamden ct 06473
Thank, one moment while I update the system and ensure this address is serviceable.
Ok
OK your details have been updated. And the address is serviceable. The earliest  available appointment is 10 April, between 2-5p, does this work for you?
OK your details have been updated.
And the address is serviceable.
The earliest  available appointment is 10 April, between 2-5p, does this work for you?
Yes
Ok, let me just input this into the system for you.
Ok
OK your appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope. All set
Nope.
All set
It was a pleasure helping you. Thank you for choosing ACME, hope you will be happy with the internet when it is installed.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Thank you for choosing ACME, hope you will be happy with the internet when it is installed.
Have a great day
Hi.  Need to talk to someone about us missing our flight earlier today
Hi.
Need to talk to someone about us missing our flight earlier today
Got snowed in and haven't had phone til now
Hey Jonathan, let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with the details of your flight you missed?
Yeah it was united 38 from Salt Lake City to DC
It was a 12:55 pm flight
Really appreciate any help
it seem this flight was actually  canceled due to the snow. So this means I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
it seem this flight was actually  canceled due to the snow.
So this means I will be able to book you a new flight free of charge.
Ok!
I have two options one at 8p and another at 11p tonight.
Almost like we meant to do that
8pm is great
One moment while I look how full the flights are and what seats I can get for you.
Ok
OK I am able to get you the seats you require. Would you like me to book them now for you?
OK I am able to get you the seats you require.
Would you like me to book them now for you?
Thanks for that
We're good now
Ok , I have booked your flights , Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
Thanks
thank you for choosing ACME and have a safe flight.
Hello. Missed my flight this morning. Snowed in at the Salt Lake City resort. Can you get me on another flight tonight?
Hello.
Missed my flight this morning.
Snowed in at the Salt Lake City resort.
Can you get me on another flight tonight?
Hi Josh. I will happy to help you. Can you tell me your flight details?
Hi Josh.
I will happy to help you.
Can you tell me your flight details?
Salt lake to Atlanta
ok no worries
i see the flight was cancelled and I will schedule a new flight free of charge
Great
I have a flight tomorrow morning at 8
8am tomorrow morning
Would this work?
Yes
ok perfect. I have just emailed your new tickets.
ok perfect.
I have just emailed your new tickets.
Anything else I can help you with
/
?
That is all
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
I ordered a bookshelf from yall and one shelf is missing... I either need the shelf asap or the bookshelf replaced
I ordered a bookshelf from yall and one shelf is missing...
I either need the shelf asap or the bookshelf replaced
Hi. I can help you
Hi.
I can help you
I will send you a shelf for free
Ok how soon
within 3-4 days. Can you verify your address?
within 3-4 days.
Can you verify your address?
3797 Maud St
Wilmington,DE 19801
Thank you
Give me one moment while I update your account
Ok
You still there
Hi Peter. I have updated your account
Hi Peter.
I have updated your account
I am sending you out a free shelf
Ok thanks
I am sending you out a free shelf
Ok... Thank you
Ok...
Thank you
And a free book
of your choice
I don't need a book but thanks
ook, no worries. You are all set.
ook, no worries.
You are all set.
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
That's it thanks for replacing it
you're welcome. Have a great day
you're welcome.
Have a great day
Hi I got snowed in yesterday and missed my flight.  I need to rebook.
Hi I got snowed in yesterday and missed my flight.
I need to rebook.
Hi Nancy. I will happy to help you. Can you tell me your flight details?
Hi Nancy.
I will happy to help you.
Can you tell me your flight details?
Flight 5566 Asheville to Detroit
ok perfect.
Thank you
I have changed your flight to an earlier one tomorrow at 81
8a
Does this work for you?/
Perfect you're a life saver.
thank you! no worries.
thank you!
no worries.
I am sending your flight details via email.
Great.  Ty
Great.
Ty
Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
Hello, I have been snowed in at my resort for the last couple days and I was unable to make my flight or notify the airline that I was going to miss it. Can you help me find a new flight?
Hello, I have been snowed in at my resort for the last couple days and I was unable to make my flight or notify the airline that I was going to miss it.
Can you help me find a new flight?
HI Kevin! I can help you.
HI Kevin!
I can help you.
Please provide me with your flight details
My flight was number 857 with american airlines
Thank you. I am going to find another flight for you free of charge
Thank you.
I am going to find another flight for you free of charge
Oh, that's great! Thank you
Oh, that's great!
Thank you
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a
Does this work?
Yes, that works just fine
ok awesome.
You are all set. I put you on a flight tomorrow at 8a
You are all set.
I put you on a flight tomorrow at 8a
I will email you all the details!
Have a great day!
I will email you all the details!
Have a great day!
Okay, thank you very much for your help!
you're very welcome!
Nothing thanks
Hi my phones service just stopped working. But my wifi is good. Do you know what the problem is and when this can be fixed?
Hi my phones service just stopped working.
But my wifi is good.
Do you know what the problem is and when this can be fixed?
Hi Kevin. I can surely help you with this
Hi Kevin.
I can surely help you with this
What is your cell number?
3136734856
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank
I am going to try running your card again
Ok
card worked
service will be restored in 5 minutes
yay!
Thank you
Anything else I Can help you with?
Nope all set
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
Hi I wanted to let you know that I missed my flight because I was snowed in.  Are you able to assist me in finding next available flight?
Hi I wanted to let you know that I missed my flight because I was snowed in.
Are you able to assist me in finding next available flight?
Hi Peter. I can help you
Hi Peter.
I can help you
What are your flight details?
From Nassau Bahamas to chicago
Flight 782. American airlines
Flight 782.
American airlines
Ok awesome. I am going to find you an alternative flight for free of charge
Ok awesome.
I am going to find you an alternative flight for free of charge
You are all set. I put you on a flight tomorrow at 10a
You are all set.
I put you on a flight tomorrow at 10a
Great thank you
I will email you all the details
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
You too!
Hi, I was snowed in and missed my flight. I couldn't call you bc the phone lines were down. The plane was to fly out to Wilmington on Monday. I need to reschedule my return flight
Hi, I was snowed in and missed my flight.
I couldn't call you bc the phone lines were down.
The plane was to fly out to Wilmington on Monday.
I need to reschedule my return flight
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this.
Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you please provide me with the flight details of the flight you missed?
Suppose to leave at 7 to fly back to Willmington on Monday
OK, looking on the system it seems that would be flight AC 125?
Yes
OK, well you are in luck. It seems this flight was also canceled on account of bad weather. So I will be able to book you a new flight, free of charge.
OK, well you are in luck.
It seems this flight was also canceled on account of bad weather.
So I will be able to book you a new flight, free of charge.
That would be great!
I have two options available for tonight, one at 8p and the other at 12p? Would either of these work for you?
I have two options available for tonight, one at 8p and the other at 12p?
Would either of these work for you?
12p
Great, let me check which seats I can get for you.
OK I can get your an emergency seat next to the window? Would this work for you?
OK I can get your an emergency seat next to the window?
Would this work for you?
That will be good
They are the seats with extra leg room.
Thanks that's nice
Great, standby while  i book this flight. For you.
Great, standby while  i book this flight.
For you.
Ok take your time
Ok I have booked the flight for you. You should be receiving the tickets via email.
Ok I have booked the flight for you.
You should be receiving the tickets via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's it thanks
It was a pleasure helping you and thank you for choosing ACME. I hope you have a great day have have a safe flight.
It was a pleasure helping you and thank you for choosing ACME.
I hope you have a great day have have a safe flight.
Thanks you too
I ordered a book shelf but I'm missing one of the shelves that was supposed to come  with it.
Hi Smitty
I can help you!
Great
What type of shelf?
The brown 5 shelf model
Ok awesome. I am going to send out a new shelf
Ok awesome.
I am going to send out a new shelf
Ok thanks
Please verify your address
473 springs street key west florida 26262
I have placed an order for the shelf. It should arrive in 3-5 business days.
I have placed an order for the shelf.
It should arrive in 3-5 business days.
Ok thanks for your help
I would also like to send you a free book
Which would you like?
Cool. I like American sniper
Cool.
I like American sniper
sweet, great choice.
I will get that over to you shortly in the same order. I am happy we came to a resolution. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will get that over to you shortly in the same order.
I am happy we came to a resolution.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thanks for your help.
That's all.
Thanks for your help.
your welcome. Have a great day!
your welcome.
Have a great day!
I recently ordered a bookshelf from you Guys. But it's missing a shelf. Could you guys please send it to me. Or can you pick the whole thing up and just replace it.
I recently ordered a bookshelf from you Guys.
But it's missing a shelf.
Could you guys please send it to me.
Or can you pick the whole thing up and just replace it.
Hi I can help you!
Ok
Will you send this piece. Or come replace it
Will you send this piece.
Or come replace it
I will send you a replacement shelf for free
Awesome!
Please verify your address
ok awesome
4721 Hickory Lane, Hamden CT 06473
I have placed an order for the shelf. It should arrive in 3-5 business days.
I have placed an order for the shelf.
It should arrive in 3-5 business days.
Perfect
I would also like to send you a free book

Which would you like
Hunger games
sweet, great choice!
I will get that over to you shortly in the same order. I am happy we came to a resolution. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will get that over to you shortly in the same order.
I am happy we came to a resolution.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope I'm all set. Thank you
Nope I'm all set.
Thank you
your welcome. Have a great day!
your welcome.
Have a great day!
I was snowed in while staying at a holiday resort and missed my returning flight. All thw power in The resort was knocked out that is why I couldn't let you guys know. Not that is all better I was wondering when the next available flight is
I was snowed in while staying at a holiday resort and missed my returning flight.
All thw power in The resort was knocked out that is why I couldn't let you guys know.
Not that is all better I was wondering when the next available flight is
Hi Patricia! I am happy to help  you resolve this matter.
Hi Patricia!
I am happy to help  you resolve this matter.
Can you provide me with your flight details?
Tuesday at 6pm
Where was the destinaton?
Holiday resort
Which city?
Aspen
Thank you so much for clarifying. I do see that your flight was cancelled. I will go ahead and rebook you free of charge
Thank you so much for clarifying.
I do see that your flight was cancelled.
I will go ahead and rebook you free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow afternoon at 1p. Does this time work for you?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow afternoon at 1p.
Does this time work for you?
Yep
I have put you on the 1p flight. Your flight number is U78612. Seat number 14J Window.
I have put you on the 1p flight.
Your flight number is U78612.
Seat number 14J Window.
I will email you all the details shortly.
Cool
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. You fixed the problem. Thank you
Nope.
You fixed the problem.
Thank you
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
I was snowed in at my ski resort and missed my flight. Can you help me reschedule?
I was snowed in at my ski resort and missed my flight.
Can you help me reschedule?
Hi Smitty! Thank you for contacting us! I will be happy to help you.
Hi Smitty!
Thank you for contacting us!
I will be happy to help you.
Cool
Can you provide your flight details?
Flight 2627 from Vail
ok thank you. I see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change your ticket free of charge
ok thank you.
I see that your flight was cancelled and as a result I will change your ticket free of charge
Ok thanks.
I have a flight leaving tonight at 7p. Does this time work?
I have a flight leaving tonight at 7p.
Does this time work?
Yea that will work.
Ok awesome. This is great news. Your new flight number U6790, Seat 17M, Aisle.
Ok awesome.
This is great news.
Your new flight number U6790, Seat 17M, Aisle.
Sounds good. Thanks.
Sounds good.
Thanks.
I am going to send your new flight details to you via email.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That should be all.
Ok awesome. Well have a great day!
Ok awesome.
Well have a great day!
Hi I recently moved into a new place and I need to give you my new address and I was hopeful to get a new cable install.
Hi Nancy! I am happy to help you with this.
Hi Nancy!
I am happy to help you with this.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
4216 traction street Spartanburg sc 29302
Thank you.  I am going to ensure that your service area is serviceable. Please hold one minute
Thank you.
I am going to ensure that your service area is serviceable.
Please hold one minute
Ok
Great news! I have updated your account with your new address and this area is serviceable.
Great news!
I have updated your account with your new address and this area is serviceable.
I can send a technician out on Friday the 10th from 3p-4p. Will someone be home?
I can send a technician out on Friday the 10th from 3p-4p.
Will someone be home?
That will work
Ok great. I have scheduled an appointment for the installation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great.
I have scheduled an appointment for the installation.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope thanks
I am so happy that we resolved your problem. Have a great day!
I am so happy that we resolved your problem.
Have a great day!
You too
Thank you!!!
Thank you!!
!
Hi my cell just stopped working and I need to get it back on. All I have is wifi .
Hi my cell just stopped working and I need to get it back on.
All I have is wifi .
Hi Nancy! Thank you for contacting ACME! I will happy to assist you on this!
Hi Nancy!
Thank you for contacting ACME!
I will happy to assist you on this!
Can you provide your cell phone number please?
707-620-2273
Thank you so much
I see that the payment was declined from the bank. Do I have your permission to recharge the card we have on file?
I see that the payment was declined from the bank.
Do I have your permission to recharge the card we have on file?
Yes please
The charge was successful and your service should be restored within 5-10 minutes
Great thanks
I am happy we was able to reach a resolution. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am happy we was able to reach a resolution.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all thank you
You are very welcome!
Hi, I ordered a bookshelf and when I received it and started to put it together I found it was missing a shelf.
Hey Nancy! Sorry to hear about the missing product but I will handle everything for you.
Hey Nancy!
Sorry to hear about the missing product but I will handle everything for you.
Gret
Did you purchase the oak?
Great
Yes
I can send you a free replacement if you like
Yes please
Ok great. I would also like to send you a free book of your choice to help you fill the book case. Which book would you like?
Ok great.
I would also like to send you a free book of your choice to help you fill the book case.
Which book would you like?
Divergent please
Ok great choice ! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
Ok great choice !
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
Thanks
Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all
ok sweet, enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
Hi I was snowed in at a resort this weekend and would like to catch the next available flight
Oh I am very sorry to hear that. Let me help you with this!
Oh I am very sorry to hear that.
Let me help you with this!
Ok
Can you provide me with your flight details?
Flight #6788
I have looked into your flight and as I do see that it was cancelled, I will go ahead and rebook you free of charge.
There is a flight leaving tomorrow at 9:30a. It is a direct flight. Does this work for you?
There is a flight leaving tomorrow at 9:30a.
It is a direct flight.
Does this work for you?
Yes
Great!!!! I have scheduled a new flight for you. Your New flight number: U4523, Seat 15B, Aisle.
Great!!!!
I have scheduled a new flight for you.
Your New flight number: U4523, Seat 15B, Aisle.
I will send you the complete flight details via email.
Thank you
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hello, i have just relocated and i need to order a new internet installation for my apartament. My name is Kevin Eddy and my address is 2794 conaway street Bloomington in 47408
Hello, i have just relocated and i need to order a new internet installation for my apartament.
My name is Kevin Eddy and my address is 2794 conaway street Bloomington in 47408
Hi Jose! Thank you for contacting us! I can certainly help you with this.
Hi Jose!
Thank you for contacting us!
I can certainly help you with this.
Thank you for providing me with your new address. Please hold one moment while I update your account
Thank you for providing me with your new address.
Please hold one moment while I update your account
Ok i'll wait
Thank you for holding. I have updated your records
Thank you for holding.
I have updated your records
Ok
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
I hope so
Great news! it looks like there is no current issues. I can have a tech come out to your area tomorrow or Friday from 10-2p. Which day works best for you?
Great news!
it looks like there is no current issues.
I can have a tech come out to your area tomorrow or Friday from 10-2p.
Which day works best for you?
Tomorrow at 10 am Will work fine
Thank you. I have scheduled your installation for tomorrow at 10. I am happy we got a resolution.
Thank you.
I have scheduled your installation for tomorrow at 10.
I am happy we got a resolution.
Me too
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your help
That Will be all
You are very welcome. Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
You are very welcome.
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello my name is William hannah and i have a problem with my cellphone service. Is stopped working and i do not know why
Hello my name is William hannah and i have a problem with my cellphone service.
Is stopped working and i do not know why
Hi William! I will be happy to help you1
Hi William!
I will be happy to help you1
you*
Thank you
What information do you need?
Can you provide me with your cell number
768 674-4334
I see that your card was declined by your bank. For your convenience, I am going to attempt to charge the charge one more time
I see that your card was declined by your bank.
For your convenience, I am going to attempt to charge the charge one more time
Yes Please try again
The charge was successful. Service will be restored in 5 minutes.
The charge was successful.
Service will be restored in 5 minutes.
Ok Thank you for your fast help. You save my horrible day
Ok Thank you for your fast help.
You save my horrible day
Oh no problem , my pleasure helping you!
I love helping people!
Thanks
Well is there anything else I can help you with?
That Will be all
ok great, thank you for choosing ACME!
Hello, my name is peter guillory. I ordered the black oak 6 shelf bookshelf from your website 3 days ago. I was doing the installation when i realized that there is One shelf missing
Hello, my name is peter guillory.
I ordered the black oak 6 shelf bookshelf from your website 3 days ago.
I was doing the installation when i realized that there is One shelf missing
Hi Peter!
Yes did you order the oak bookshelf?
Yes
I will send you a replacement shelf for free
The one that comes with 6 shelf
Thank you
I would also like to send you a complimentary book of your choice along with the shelf. Which book would you like?
I would also like to send you a complimentary book of your choice along with the shelf.
Which book would you like?
1984 by George orwell
If its possible
Ok awesome, great choice! I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
Ok awesome, great choice!
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
They will arrive within 3-5 business days
Thank you for your help
Ok i Will wait for them
You are very welcome, as always
Anything else I can assist you with today?
That Will be all for today
Ok awesome, have a wonderful day!
Hello my name is Robert McGregor and i lost my plane back home because of all the snow plus the resort did not have any phones working. Can you help me Find the next flight available?
Hello my name is Robert McGregor and i lost my plane back home because of all the snow plus the resort did not have any phones working.
Can you help me Find the next flight available?
Hey Robert! Sorry to hear that!
Hey Robert!
Sorry to hear that!
I will be happy to help. What are your flight details?
I will be happy to help.
What are your flight details?
Flight number 567 to Chicago
Ok no worries. I have switched you to the flight leaving tomorrow morning at 9a free of charge
Ok no worries.
I have switched you to the flight leaving tomorrow morning at 9a free of charge
Does this time work for you?
Yes That Will work. Thank you for your help and understanding
Yes That Will work.
Thank you for your help and understanding
You are very welcome! Your new flight number UA54387. Seat 13B Window. I will email you these details via email.
You are very welcome!
Your new flight number UA54387.
Seat 13B Window.
I will email you these details via email.
I just received the email with all the details
Trust me I completely understand when these type if situations arise.
Ok great . Please do not hesitate to contact us if you need any future assistance
Ok great .
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you need any future assistance
Ok i Will
Is there anything else you need help with?
That Will be all for today
Ok Robert, well you have a great afternoon.  Have a safe flight!
Ok Robert, well you have a great afternoon.
Have a safe flight!
I moved and need to update my address and schedule installation at the new address.
Hi good morning Billy! Thank you for contacting ACME
Hi good morning Billy!
Thank you for contacting ACME
I can definitely help you with this issue.
Ok thanks
Can you provide me with your new address please?
1243 Palm street Jacksonville Florida 32207
Ok thank you. Please hold one moment while I update your account
Ok thank you.
Please hold one moment while I update your account
Ok
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Thank you for holding.
I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
Ok cool
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Yea that will work
Ok perfect. You have been scheduled.
Ok perfect.
You have been scheduled.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thanks for your help.
That's all.
Thanks for your help.
You are very welcome.
Hi, I'm moving next week and the new place doesn't have cable.  But I'd like to transfer my service. Can u help?
Hi, I'm moving next week and the new place doesn't have cable.
But I'd like to transfer my service.
Can u help?
Hi good morning Kevin! Thank you for contacting ACME

I can definitely help you with this issue.
Hi good morning Kevin!
Thank you for contacting ACME

I can definitely help you with this issue.
Thanks
Can you provide me with your new address please?
55 Delaware Ave Bloomington 47408
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Thank you for holding.
I updated your account.
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great. When will they be able to install?  Do I need to be there?
Great.
When will they be able to install?
Do I need to be there?
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable. I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
No. I'm busy all morning. Anything in the late afternoon?
No.
I'm busy all morning.
Anything in the late afternoon?
Not a problem, let me check for you.
Yes we have a 3p slot open
Does this work for you?
Perfect. I'll be there.
Perfect.
I'll be there.
Is there a charge for installation?
Ok awesome . I have scheduled the appointment.
Ok awesome .
I have scheduled the appointment.
No not at all there. There is no charge for installation.
No not at all there.
There is no charge for installation.
Awesome thanks
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks that'll do it
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
U 2
My cell service stopped working. Hopefully you can help me fix it soon?
My cell service stopped working.
Hopefully you can help me fix it soon?
Hi Billy! Sorry to hear that you are having issues. Let me look into the problem for you.
Hi Billy!
Sorry to hear that you are having issues.
Let me look into the problem for you.
Ok
Can you provide me with your phone number please?
854-354-2533
Thank you!
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes try it again
Ok please hold.
The charge was successful. Your service will be reactivated in 5-10 minutes.
The charge was successful.
Your service will be reactivated in 5-10 minutes.
Ok thanks.
Now that everything is resolved, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that's it
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
My isn't working. I cant make any calls and my data isn't working either
My isn't working.
I cant make any calls and my data isn't working either
Phone I meant
Hello. No worries. Sorry that you are experiencing signal problems. I can surely help you resolve this issue.
Hello.
No worries.
Sorry that you are experiencing signal problems.
I can surely help you resolve this issue.
Ty
Can you provide me with your phone number please
8033484511
Thank you
Let me check your account
Ok
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
No.  I bet you have my old card. I have a new expiation date. 10/17
No.
I bet you have my old card.
I have a new expiation date.
10/17
If u need the security code it's 544
Thank you. Let me update your account
Thank you.
Let me update your account
The card went through
Whew!
Tried an emoticon and it doesn't work so lol
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
No thanks
Have a good one
thanks!
I need to set up internet installation at my new address. Can I do that here?
I need to set up internet installation at my new address.
Can I do that here?
Also obviously have to update my billing address
Hi Peter. Thank you for contacting ACME.
Hi Peter.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
Can you provide me with your new address please?
My new apartment is in older area don't think it's wired either
New address:
3797 Maud St
Wilmington DE 19801
Thank you. Please hold while I update your account.
Thank you.
Please hold while I update your account.
Thanks
Account is updated
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Ok appreciate it
Sorry for the delay. We have been experiencing delays on our end
Sorry for the delay.
We have been experiencing delays on our end
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
I will definitely be here tomorrow for that
ok awesome. Everything is scheduled.
ok awesome.
Everything is scheduled.
Great thanks
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
I ordered a new bookshelf but it is missing one of the shelves I need to put it together
Hi Billy. Thank you for contacting ACME.
Hi Billy.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I can help you. Can I place you on hold while I look up your account?
I can help you.
Can I place you on hold while I look up your account?
Sure
I see  you purchased the oak shelf
I did
Can you verify your address please
153 Palm street Jacksonville Florida 32207
Thank you!
I will send you a replacement shelf free of charge
Ok thanks
I am sending your shelf. It should arrive within 2-3 days!
I am sending your shelf.
It should arrive within 2-3 days!
Appreciate it
you are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today
you are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
That's it
ok great .Enjoy your day!
I recently moved from my apartment but I need to contact you all as my internet provider. I needed to let you know that I moved and place an order for new installation. My new place doesn't have the required cabling.
I recently moved from my apartment but I need to contact you all as my internet provider.
I needed to let you know that I moved and place an order for new installation.
My new place doesn't have the required cabling.
Hi Patricia!
I can surely help you with this!
Great!
Please provide me with your new address
It is 2573 first north st. Johnson city, tn.
Thank you!
Please hold while I update your account
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Thank you for holding.
I updated your account.
What is your zip code?
37663
Thank you!
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
I am. That sounds perfect! Thank you!
I am.
That sounds perfect!
Thank you!
Ok awesome. Your time has been scheduled
Ok awesome.
Your time has been scheduled
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thank you again!
No, that's it.
Thank you again!
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi, I bought an acme bookshelf last month.  I ordered it online. I just got around to putting together and I think im missing a shelf.
Hi, I bought an acme bookshelf last month.
I ordered it online.
I just got around to putting together and I think im missing a shelf.
Hi Kevin! Thank you for contacting us
Hi Kevin!
Thank you for contacting us
You're WELCOME!!!!!
You're WELCOME!!!!
!
Lol
Did you purchase the oak shelf?
I think it's oak.  Lemme check the box one sec
I think it's oak.
Lemme check the box one sec
Hi yea sorry, says oak precision model
ok perfect
I can send you a replacement shelf free of charge
Oh yea that's better than expected. Thought I'd have to pack this up and return it.
Oh yea that's better than expected.
Thought I'd have to pack this up and return it.
Yes we have you covered.
I would also like to send you a free book of your choice
Awesome
Which would you like?
Wow thanks, how about that new book by atephen king?
Do you happen to know the title of the book?
Can't remember the title.  I think had dome in the title.
Can't remember the title.
I think had dome in the title.
I believe it is Dark Tower
Oh I've meant to read that. Yes pls.
Oh I've meant to read that.
Yes pls.
Ty
I will put that order in for you.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No you've been very helpful
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Can you check to see why my phone service just went dead?
Hi.
Can you check to see why my phone service just went dead?
Wifi working but no phone
I have many work calls to make
Hi Peter! I can help you with this!
Hi Peter!
I can help you with this!
Thx
What is your phone number and address
571-724-6478
3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes please try that
The card went through
Ok great
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks for the help w this
Ok great! You're very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
You're very welcome.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
u2
Hi. I bought a bookshelf from you folks and got it delivered just now
Hi.
I bought a bookshelf from you folks and got it delivered just now
Hi. I will help you with this!
Hi.
I will help you with this!
But as I'm assembling it it's missing a shelf?
Can I get replacement?
You purchased the oak correct?
Yes
That's the one
I will send you a free replacement
Oh great!
Thx
I placed the order
I will like to add in a free book
Oh that's great
Thanks
Would love a copy of the first Lord of the Rings book
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks!
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Help!!!!!  I've been snowed in in this creepy hotel in Colorado for days and I missed my flight yesterday.  Get me outta here. PLEASE!!!
Hi.
Help!!!!!
I've been snowed in in this creepy hotel in Colorado for days and I missed my flight yesterday.
Get me outta here.
PLEASE!!
!
Oh I am very sorry to hear this and i  happy to assist
Thanks
Can you provide flight details
Yea. I was to be on acme 5546.  Going back to Cali
Yea.
I was to be on acme 5546.
Going back to Cali
I do see that the flight was cancelled. I will rebook you free of charge
I do see that the flight was cancelled.
I will rebook you free of charge
Thank goodness. If I never see Colorado again...how soon can I fly out?
Thank goodness.
If I never see Colorado again...how soon can I fly out?
I know the feeling. That's why I am here to help
I know the feeling.
That's why I am here to help
The earliest we have is tonight at 4p? Does this work?
The earliest we have is tonight at 4p?
Does this work?
YES!!!!!  Great I'm heading to the airport now.
YES!!!!!
Great I'm heading to the airport now.
Ok perfect. You are all set. I am emailing the tickets to you now.
Ok perfect.
You are all set.
I am emailing the tickets to you now.
Great already got em. Thank you so much.
Great already got em.
Thank you so much.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not unless you can tell what redrum means lol
No thanks you're great
Unfortunately I do not know what that means.
Have a safe flight!
Ty
I was snowed in at my ski resort and missed my flight yesterday. Is there an available flight today?
I was snowed in at my ski resort and missed my flight yesterday.
Is there an available flight today?
Oh I am very sorry to hear this and i happy to assist
Can you provide flight details
Flight 3737 from aspen
I do see that the flight was cancelled. I will rebook you free of charge
I do see that the flight was cancelled.
I will rebook you free of charge
Ok cool
The earliest we have is tonight at 4p? Does this work?
The earliest we have is tonight at 4p?
Does this work?
Yea that would be fine
Ok perfect. You are all set. I am emailing the tickets to you now.
Ok perfect.
You are all set.
I am emailing the tickets to you now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks.
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello, I'm
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
Hi.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you today!
I'm having a difficult time, my cell service died on me without any message or notice to my email, and I wasn't able to get a lot of things done .
I mean, wifi saves me today but I have  ton of administration work I need to get finished this week. Can you help me fix this?
I mean, wifi saves me today but I have  ton of administration work I need to get finished this week.
Can you help me fix this?
I am sorry that you are experiencing these issues. Can you provide me with your cell phone number please?
I am sorry that you are experiencing these issues.
Can you provide me with your cell phone number please?
Ah, I'm not really sure without my business card on me. My oldest daughter knows it by heart but uh , is there a way we can work around it ?
Ah, I'm not really sure without my business card on me.
My oldest daughter knows it by heart but uh , is there a way we can work around it ?
What is your phone number?
Yes we can work around it
Hi Kevin. Are you still there?
Hi Kevin.
Are you still there?
If you experiencing problem with the app, shut it down completely and restart it.
Hi. We're in a jam. Freak snowstorm last night at resort
Hi.
We're in a jam.
Freak snowstorm last night at resort
No phones and we missed our flight this AM
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
Hi.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you today!
I am sorry to hear this. Can you provide your flight details please?
I am sorry to hear this.
Can you provide your flight details please?
We're at airport in Boston now
Flight was
American 54 to DC scheduled at 9:35
I see that your flight was cancelled. I will rebook you free of charge
I see that your flight was cancelled.
I will rebook you free of charge
Oh wow
Yeah if you can get us home...
I have a flight leaving in an hour. Can you make it?
I have a flight leaving in an hour.
Can you make it?
We're here we can get on it
Perfect!
I am sending your details via email now
Thanks
Appreciate it
We're headed to the gate!
Ok have a safe flight.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope
Thanks a bunch!
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
I have recently relocated from my apartment and need you to update my residential address and I'll also like to place an order for new installation as my new address does not have the required cabling.
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!

Can you provide me with your new address please?
Hi.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you today!
Can you provide me with your new address please?
It is 3797 Lucy lane, terre haute, CT 06473
Thank you for providing this
I am checking your service area, please hold.
Ok
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Ta tomorrow 9 am is very fine
Your appt has been scheduled
Thank you
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Just moved and need to have my internet moved to new address. 4972 Tyler ave, Miami, FL
Hi.
Just moved and need to have my internet moved to new address.
4972 Tyler ave, Miami, FL
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
Hi.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you today!
Thanks
I am going to update your address
Ok
What is your zip code?
33179
Thank you!
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Thank you for holding.
I updated your account.
Thanks. When will someone come out
Thanks.
When will someone come out
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Yes
Ok awesome . I have scheduled the appointment
Ok awesome .
I have scheduled the appointment
Great
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
My cellphone service just stopped working and I had a lot of admin to sort out. I would like you to resolve this problem as soon as possible.
My cellphone service just stopped working and I had a lot of admin to sort out.
I would like you to resolve this problem as soon as possible.
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
Hi.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you today!
Can you provide me with your phone number and address?
My number is 5443746342
Thank you
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Can you pay with my account?
Yes we can. Please hold while I attempt the charge.
Yes we can.
Please hold while I attempt the charge.
The charge was successful this time around. Your service will restored in 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The charge was successful this time around.
Your service will restored in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. My cell service has stopped working today
Hi.
My cell service has stopped working today
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
I am sorry for that
Hi I can help you with this issue.
Can you provide me with your phone number please?
555-318-0866
Thank you!
I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes please
The charge was successful this time around. Your service will restored in 10 minutes.
The charge was successful this time around.
Your service will restored in 10 minutes.
Awesome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
I have ordered a bookshelf online and upon trying to assemble it I realised that one of the shelf was missing. I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick this one up and send me a new bookshelf.
I have ordered a bookshelf online and upon trying to assemble it I realised that one of the shelf was missing.
I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick this one up and send me a new bookshelf.
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!
Hi.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you today!
Did you order the oak shelf?
Yes
Can you verify your address and phone number?
My address is 3797 maud street, Wilmington, DE 19801
And phone number is 6738364727
I am going to send you out a replacement shelf free of charge. As a gift I am going to send you out a free book to help you fill the case
I am going to send you out a replacement shelf free of charge.
As a gift I am going to send you out a free book to help you fill the case
Which book would you like me to send?
Can I have the batman ?
Yes you sure can . I have place an order for both the book and the shelf. They should arrive in 3-5 days.
Yes you sure can .
I have place an order for both the book and the shelf.
They should arrive in 3-5 days.
Ok thank you
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Is it possible to have a shelf sent to me?  I ordered a bookshelf and it arrived with one of the shelves missing from the box.
Hi.
Is it possible to have a shelf sent to me?
I ordered a bookshelf and it arrived with one of the shelves missing from the box.
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you today!

Can you provide me with your new address please?
Hi.
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you today!
Can you provide me with your new address please?
4216 Traction St, Spartanburg SC. 29302
4216 Traction St, Spartanburg SC.
29302
Thank you for providing this information. I checked your account and I will send you a complimentary replacement shelf.
Thank you for providing this information.
I checked your account and I will send you a complimentary replacement shelf.
Great thank you.
I would also like to send you a free book. Which book would you like?
I would also like to send you a free book.
Which book would you like?
Lord of the Rings by JRR Tolkien
Ok great choice ! I love that book . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf. They should arrive within 5 days.
Ok great choice !
I love that book .
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
They should arrive within 5 days.
Thank you!
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Enjoy your new book!
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight. The resort had no mean of external communication so I was unable to notify the airlines. I just arrived in the town and like you to book a seat in the next floght
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight.
The resort had no mean of external communication so I was unable to notify the airlines.
I just arrived in the town and like you to book a seat in the next floght
I am very sorry to hear this.
I will help you on the matter
Can you provide flight details please?
It was a return flight from Alaska to Wilmington and flight number is 7474638
Ok Let me check flight details for you on the next flights out?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a. Are you available to make this flight?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a.
Are you available to make this flight?
Ya please book a seat for me in that flight
Ok perfect, the ticket has been booked. I will send you flight details momentarily.
Ok perfect, the ticket has been booked.
I will send you flight details momentarily.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day and have a safe flight!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day and have a safe flight!
Hey. I couldn't make it to my 9AM flight due to the snow. Can you get me on a later flight from Denver to Miami?
Hey.
I couldn't make it to my 9AM flight due to the snow.
Can you get me on a later flight from Denver to Miami?
Hi Josh! Thank you for contacting ACME. I will be happy to help you.
Hi Josh!
Thank you for contacting ACME.
I will be happy to help you.
I do see that your flight was cancelled.
Let me check open flights for you
I will reschedule you for free on the first flight out which will be tomorrow at 8a. Is this a good time for you?
I will reschedule you for free on the first flight out which will be tomorrow at 8a.
Is this a good time for you?
That will work
Ok great. Everything has bee scheduled. I will email your flight details to you shortly.
Ok great.
Everything has bee scheduled.
I will email your flight details to you shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all. Thanks very much
That is all.
Thanks very much
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi
Anyone there?
Hi. Thank you for contacting ACME
Hi.
Thank you for contacting ACME
I have relocated to new apartment . I want to update my network connection details
I have relocated to new apartment .
I want to update my network connection details
Can you provide me with your new address please?
2794 conaway street, Bloomington , in 47408
Thank you!  I updated your account.
Thank you!
I updated your account.
It may need a new installation
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Cabling also not good
No to worry, the tech  will install new cabling
Yes it's comfortable and I am available on this time
Oh sure thank you
Ok perfect , I have scheduled the appointment.
You will have cable in no time!
Ok thank you
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi
Hi Priya! Thank you for contacting us!
Hi Priya!
Thank you for contacting us!
How can we be of assistance to you?
My cellphone service stopped suddenly and I have not receive any notice
Ok no worries. Let me look into this for you.
Ok no worries.
Let me look into this for you.
What is your phone number?
9898989894
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
I already paid
I do see that you made a payment; however for some reason the bank declined it
I can retry running your card again to see if it will go through now
Yes
Yes please
ok thank you. Please hold one moment
ok thank you.
Please hold one moment
K
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Ok great
Thank you
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi
Hello. This is Jai from ACME. How may I help you today?
Hello.
This is Jai from ACME.
How may I help you today?
I have missed my return flight. And how can I get the next available flight
I have missed my return flight.
And how can I get the next available flight
I am sorry to hear that. Let me get your flight details
I am sorry to hear that.
Let me get your flight details
Yes
Can you provide your flight details?
Yes NNF 400 Los Angeles
There is normally a $150 fee for rebooking a missed flight; however since this is your first time, I am going to waive the fee.
If so do it please
It's good for me
There is a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a
Does this time work for you
?
Ok great. Your New flight UA 345. Window seat, 2A. I will email you flight details.
Ok great.
Your New flight UA 345.
Window seat, 2A.
I will email you flight details.
Yes great. That's excellent
Yes great.
That's excellent
Thank you for your kind help
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Ok awesome! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok awesome!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi
Hi
Anyone there ?
Hi Priya!
How can we help you?
I have ordered a book shelf . But there is one shelf missing. How can we replace
I have ordered a book shelf .
But there is one shelf missing.
How can we replace
Did you purchase the oak book shelf?
Yes
Ok great. I will send you a complimentary shelf for free. As a gift for having to patiently deal with this problem, I would like to send you a free book of your choice.
Ok great.
I will send you a complimentary shelf for free.
As a gift for having to patiently deal with this problem, I would like to send you a free book of your choice.
Sounds good. What are the books you hsve
Sounds good.
What are the books you hsve
Which book would you like?
Revolution 2020
ok great choice ! I love that book . I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf. They will arrive in 2-4 business days!
ok great choice !
I love that book .
I have placed an order for both the book and the shelf.
They will arrive in 2-4 business days!
Ok excellent thanks
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ho
Hi
Hi Sandy! Thank you for contacting us. How may I help you today?
Hi Sandy!
Thank you for contacting us.
How may I help you today?
I have relocated and I want to get new installation of network connection
Ok, no worries. Can you provide me with your new address?
Ok, no worries.
Can you provide me with your new address?
Yes 4721 Hickory lane, Hamden ct 06473
Thank you for providing this. Please hold while I update your account.
Thank you for providing this.
Please hold while I update your account.
I updated your account. I am now going to check to ensure your area is serviceable
I updated your account.
I am now going to check to ensure your area is serviceable
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Yes it's great
I will be available
Ok your appt. has been scheduled. You will have internet in no time. Is there anything I can assist you with today Sandy?
Ok your appt.
has been scheduled.
You will have internet in no time.
Is there anything I can assist you with today Sandy?
No thanks
Ok great! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Ok great!
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi
Hi Sandy. This is Jai from ACME. How can I help you?
Hi Sandy.
This is Jai from ACME.
How can I help you?
I have received bookshelf with one missing shelf
Ok I am sorry you are missing a piece. Did you purchase the oak shelf?
Ok I am sorry you are missing a piece.
Did you purchase the oak shelf?
I will send you a replacement shelf free of cost
Can you verify your address?
Yes
Sounds good
R u there?
Are you there?
Can you please verify your address?/
4721 hickory lane Hamden ct
06473
Thank you. I have placed an order for the replacement shelf. It will arrive in 3 business days.
Thank you.
I have placed an order for the replacement shelf.
It will arrive in 3 business days.
Ok thank you
Is there anything else we can do for you here at ACME?
Did we answer all of your questions?
No thanks
Yes answered thanks
ok great. have an amazing day!
ok great.
have an amazing day!
Thank you for help
Bye
Hi. My cable just went out. Is their an outage or problems on my end?
Hi.
My cable just went out.
Is their an outage or problems on my end?
Hi. Thank you for contacting us. I will be happy to help you
Hi.
Thank you for contacting us.
I will be happy to help you
Can you provide your address and phone number?
456 seaboard rd, Andrews SC 29510. 555-318-0866
456 seaboard rd, Andrews SC 29510.
555-318-0866
Thank you!
When did you problem begin?
your*
This morning
Ok thank you
Have you tried restarting your modem?
Sure did. Twice.
Sure did.
Twice.
Since the problem seems to be a tech issue, I will create a ticket for further investigation Someone will contact in the next 2 hours
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
ok great! Have an awesome day!
ok great!
Have an awesome day!
Tello my name is Kevin and i need to order a new internet installation service because i change my address. My new address is 2794 conaway street Bloomington in 47408
Tello my name is Kevin and i need to order a new internet installation service because i change my address.
My new address is 2794 conaway street Bloomington in 47408
Hi Jose.
Hello
Please hold while I update your account
Ok
I have updated your account.
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Lets hope si
*so
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Yes i Will be
10 am Will be perfect
ok great. You have been scheduled!
ok great.
You have been scheduled!
Thank you for your help
That Will be all
ok great. Have a great day!
ok great.
Have a great day!
You too
Hi! Just turned on my tv and no channels.
Hi!
Just turned on my tv and no channels.
Is that something you can help me with?
Just says no signal on each channel
Hi Thank you for contacting ACME
Can you verify your address and phone number?
When did the problem begin?
Address is 3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
Phone is 703-946-2641
Just noticed problem when I got home from work today
Cable was fine yesterday
Thank you! Have you tried restarting the modem?
Thank you!
Have you tried restarting the modem?
Haven't tried that
Just shut it off and back on?
yes there is a switch on the back of the modem
Ok
Hey it worked
!!
!
!
Looks like all my channels are back
Ok great!!!!!
Ok great!!!!
!
Thanks
I am so so happy we resolved this issue!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope
Thanks again
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi
My cellphone service has stopped without a notice
Hi I can help you with this
Yes please do anything
What is your phone number?
8989898988
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
But I paid the bill
I see you did provide payment but for some reason the payment did not go through
I can retry the card on file again
Yes it Should be solve quickly
I am very disappointed
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
It's great
Thanks
I am so sorry for the inconvenience. I am going to give you 1 month free of service
I am so sorry for the inconvenience.
I am going to give you 1 month free of service
Sounds good thank you
very welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
very welcome.
Anything else I can help you with?
No thanks
ok great, enjoy the day!
Hi none of my tv channels are working.  Can you help me troubleshoot?
Hi none of my tv channels are working.
Can you help me troubleshoot?
Hey Peter, Thank you for contacting ACME. Let me assist you with this.
Hey Peter, Thank you for contacting ACME.
Let me assist you with this.
Could you please just verify your address or phone number for me?
5185983375
Thank you Peter, standby while I just pull up your information on the system.
Is the problem only associate with your Tv?
Does your internet services still work?
Internet is fine.  Just my cable tv
Internet is fine.
Just my cable tv
Great, lets try just troubleshoot that. Have you tried restarting the system?
Great, lets try just troubleshoot that.
Have you tried restarting the system?
Ideally plugging the electronic device out from the wall socket and placing it back?
Peter are you still there?
Yes sorry one second I will try.
No problem, I am standing by...
Yes that worked!  Thanks so much.
Yes that worked!
Thanks so much.
Great news. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great news.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it.
Hi. I had an Internet to be shipped to me. I got a notice at work it was delivered, but it should have required me to sign. I see no modem outside my door
Hi.
I had an Internet to be shipped to me.
I got a notice at work it was delivered, but it should have required me to sign.
I see no modem outside my door
Hello. Can you tell me your billing address?
Hello.
Can you tell me your billing address?
546 seaboard Rd, Andrews SC 29510
This address matches the one in our system. I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
This address matches the one in our system.
I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
This address matches the one in our system. I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
This address matches the one in our system.
I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
Ok thanks
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If you do not hear back from us, please contact us back.
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours.
If you do not hear back from us, please contact us back.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
ok great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
ok great.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. I ordered a new modem from you and selected to make sure it was signed on delivery
Hi.
I ordered a new modem from you and selected to make sure it was signed on delivery
Got a email at work that it was delivered and dropped at my door
Hello. Can you tell me your billing address?
Hello.
Can you tell me your billing address?
Just got home and there's no sign of it anywhere
Address is 3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
This address matches the one in our system. I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
This address matches the one in our system.
I am going to create a ticket of inquiry on this matter to be further investigated
Ok...
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours. If you do not hear back from us, please contact us back.
The investigation process normally is complete within 24hours.
If you do not hear back from us, please contact us back.
Ok
You'll hear back from me one way or the other for sure.
Ok sounds good. This issue will surely be resolved
Ok sounds good.
This issue will surely be resolved
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Thanks for checking
you are very welcome!
have a great day!
Hi
It's emergency I have missed the return flight
I am sorry to hear you missed the flight
I want the details of next available flight
Are you there?
I am going to book you on the next available flight free of charge
Yes great thank you
Let me check for you. Thank you for your patience.
Let me check for you.
Thank you for your patience.
To las vegas
There?
I have a flight leaving to Vegas tomorrow at noon. Does this work for you?
I have a flight leaving to Vegas tomorrow at noon.
Does this work for you?
ok great. I will send you the details via email shortly. As a bonus, I gave you first class seating on the house.
ok great.
I will send you the details via email shortly.
As a bonus, I gave you first class seating on the house.
and I found a flight leaving later today in an hour
Can you do today
I want to go today
Yes today is ok
ok great. I booked you on the later flight
ok great.
I booked you on the later flight
The confirmation email has been sent
It's excellent thanks for your help
very welcome. Thank for you choosing ACME. Have an amazing day!
very welcome.
Thank for you choosing ACME.
Have an amazing day!
Hi the modem I purchased said it was delivered today when I was at work. But when I got home my package was missing.  I explicitly said I wanted to sign for the package so I don't understand why it was delivered without me there.
Hi the modem I purchased said it was delivered today when I was at work.
But when I got home my package was missing.
I explicitly said I wanted to sign for the package so I don't understand why it was delivered without me there.
HI Peter, I am sorry to hear of this. Let me look into this for you. Please tell me your full address and phone number
HI Peter, I am sorry to hear of this.
Let me look into this for you.
Please tell me your full address and phone number
2794 conaway street. Bloomington in 47408
2794 conaway street.
Bloomington in 47408
This matches the address on file with us.
I am going to create a ticket of inquiry with the Post office
Okay please do
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
okay thanks.
ok have a great day!
Hello, my cellphone service stopped working and i do not know why. I need it on as soon as possible. I am ru niña late for a meeting!!
Hello, my cellphone service stopped working and i do not know why.
I need it on as soon as possible.
I am ru niña late for a meeting!
!
Can you Please help me?
Yes I can. What is your phone number?
Yes I can.
What is your phone number?
567 344-7843
Thank you
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes Please
Do you have my credit card information?
Yes we do
Ok perfect
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
Ok Thank you
That Will be all for today
have a great day!
Is there someone there who can cancel my cellphone contract before it rebills next month?
Not happy w call drops and service problems
Also had my service stopped last month due to your billing error.
HI Peter!
Thank you for contacting us!
Hi
My contract ends soon and I want to cancel please
I am sorry to hear of your unhappiness.
Paying too much for what I get
Can you provide your telephone number?
703-946-2641
Thank you . If i can give you 2 months free of HBO, would you reconsider staying with our service?
Thank you .
If i can give you 2 months free of HBO, would you reconsider staying with our service?
Hmm
If I don't have to commit to 24 months and can just get the 2 months
I'll give it another chance
Yes I will waive your commitment obligations.
I am so happy that we can resolve this issue
Ok that works
Thanks
Have a great day!
You are very welcome!
Hello, i have a problem with a bookshelf That i ordered from your website. As i was doing the installation, i noticed two shelf missing
Hello, i have a problem with a bookshelf That i ordered from your website.
As i was doing the installation, i noticed two shelf missing
The model is mahagony 8 shelf aurora
Hi. Thank you!
Hi.
Thank you!
Can you ship the shelf missing or do you have to pick up it all?
I will ship you a replacement shelf for free?
I have placed an order for the bookshelf
Thank you very much. Can you include a dust cleaner? I Will pay the difference
Thank you very much.
Can you include a dust cleaner?
I Will pay the difference
I can include a dust cleaner. Don't worry about the difference. It's on us!
I can include a dust cleaner.
Don't worry about the difference.
It's on us!
You've been a great customer with us through the years!
Thank you very much
Its always a pleasure buying from you guys
It's our pleasure to serve you!
IS there anything else I Can help you with today?
That its
Thank you very much
have a great day!
None of my Tv channels are working. I would like you to solve this problem.
None of my Tv channels are working.
I would like you to solve this problem.
Hi Jonathan! I can help you with this!
Hi Jonathan!
I can help you with this!
Ok
Is there any information you need ?
Can you verify your address and phone number?
Thank you for your patience!
My address is 1704 hidden valley road, Harrisburg, PA 17101
And my phone number is 4757543325
When did the problem begin?
2 days ago
Have you tried restarting your modem?
No I haven't
Will that work ?
Yes we can try to see if this resolves the problem
There is a blue switch on the back of the modem
Ok
I just did that and it worked
Thank you
great! I am relived
great!
I am relived
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all
ok great, have a good day!
Hi I'm really not happy with my service and I wish to cancel my cell contract.
My cell service is bad and I am constantly dropping calls.
And you once stopped my service without notice!  And it was a billing error on your side.
And you once stopped my service without notice!
And it was a billing error on your side.
I am not happy to say the least.
Hi Peter!
I am very sorry that you are having issues with your service. Can you provide me with your phone number?
I am very sorry that you are having issues with your service.
Can you provide me with your phone number?
5185983378
Thank you. I can send you a signal booster that you can install in your home
Thank you.
I can send you a signal booster that you can install in your home
It is $ 500 however we can waive that for you
Really?  Okay thanks I am willing to give that a try.
Really?
Okay thanks I am willing to give that a try.
Thank you.
I am happy you are choosing to stay with ACME
IS there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that is all
ok great. Have a great day!
ok great.
Have a great day!
Hi I wish to cancel my cell service.
Way too many dropped calls for the price I'm paying
Hi Josh! I am very sorry that you are having issues with your service. Can you provide me with your phone number?
Hi Josh!
I am very sorry that you are having issues with your service.
Can you provide me with your phone number?
555-318-0866
Thank you. I can send you a signal booster that you can install in your home

It is $ 500 however we can waive that for you
Thank you.
I can send you a signal booster that you can install in your home

It is $ 500 however we can waive that for you
I guess we can try that
Thank you so much1
I am happy that you are choosing to remain with us. We truly value your business.
I am happy that you are choosing to remain with us.
We truly value your business.
Thanks
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it
ok great. Have a good day!
ok great.
Have a good day!
Id like to til
Talk to someone about a delivery problem
Have waited 48 hours to hear about an investigation still waiting
And still don't have my modem
Unacceptable
Feel like you guys forgot about my delivery
I am very sorry about this
Let me pull up your account
Thanks
Feels like the same thing as last time tho
Was told it would be investigated
Never heard a thing
I see there is a backlog and the investigation will take another 24 hours
Can I have your cell phone number please?
and I will follow up personally with you.
703-946-2641
I just want my modem really
Appreciate you checking into it. Will be more happy if I hear something back.
Appreciate you checking into it.
Will be more happy if I hear something back.
I will make sure to get your modem to you, even if I have to deliver it to you myself.
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
I do appreciate it.  Hearing anything back is good.
I do appreciate it.
Hearing anything back is good.
ok great, have a good day!
I just recently moved to my apartment and I need to contact my internet provider to inform them about the update of my address so I can place an order for a new installation since my address does not have the required cabling.
?
Hi Nancy
What is your new address?
Hi Nancy. Are you still there? I am available to help you resolve this matter.
Hi Nancy.
Are you still there?
I am available to help you resolve this matter.
If you are having problems with the app, just close it down completely and restart it.
My cable has been out since last night. Can you help me fix this?
My cable has been out since last night.
Can you help me fix this?
Hey Billy, I will be able to help you trouble shoot the problem.
Thanks
Could you please provide me with either your residential address or phone number?
636-527-5262
Thank you, for providing this information.
have you tried hard rebooting your system?
Yea but I'm still having problems
Removing the power cable from the wall socket and putting back in?
Is the problem isolated to only your cable tv? Is your internet working?
Is the problem isolated to only your cable tv?
Is your internet working?
Yea the Internet is working fine
This is a very interesting  problem. What I will need to do is create a ticket for further investigation. We will contact you within 2 hours when we can verify what is causing this outage.
This is a very interesting  problem.
What I will need to do is create a ticket for further investigation.
We will contact you within 2 hours when we can verify what is causing this outage.
Ok. Someone will call me?
Ok.
Someone will call me?
Yes someone will call you on your cellphone number which is on the system.
Alright. Thanks.
Alright.
Thanks.
I am sorry for this, however we will do everything in our power to ensure your service is back up and running in no time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now
Again , I do apologize for this. But hope you have a good day
Again , I do apologize for this.
But hope you have a good day
Thanks
Hi, i lost my flight back home because all the snow That felt last night and i could not grab a cab to the AirPort. Also, i could not rescheduled the flight because the phones at the resort were down.
Hi, i lost my flight back home because all the snow That felt last night and i could not grab a cab to the AirPort.
Also, i could not rescheduled the flight because the phones at the resort were down.
Can you help me rescheduled a flight back home? My flight was 2345 to miami
Can you help me rescheduled a flight back home?
My flight was 2345 to miami
Hi I am sorry to hear you missed your flight
What are your flight details?
Flight 2345 to miami intl airport
Thank you.
The snowstorm is really bad.
I see there is a flight leaving tomorrow back to Miami at 9a
Luckily you are going back to better warmer weather
Are you available for the flight tomorrow?
Yes, tomorrow Will be perfect
Yes, i want to go to the beach
Your new Flight  info is:  UA 43, seat 12A window
The beach sounds wonderful this time of year.
Yes, l hope so
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you for your asistance
You are very welcome
That Will be all
Have a great day!
I just moved into my apartment and I need to update my address so I can place an order for a new installation since my new address does not have the required cabling.
Hey Patricia, Let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Hey Patricia, Let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Hi. The address is 4721 hickory lane, Hamden, CT 06473
Hi.
The address is 4721 hickory lane, Hamden, CT 06473
Thank standby while I input this into the sytem.
No problem.
Ok I have updated you details on the system. I have also confirmed that your address is serviceable.
Ok I have updated you details on the system.
I have also confirmed that your address is serviceable.
Thank you.
The earliest available appointment is 14 April. Between 2p-5p. Would this work for you?
The earliest available appointment is 14 April.
Between 2p-5p.
Would this work for you?
Yes. That would be fine.
Yes.
That would be fine.
Great, standby while I just book this appointment in the system.
Ok
OK your appointment has been booked.
Thank you very much.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that was it.
It was a pleasure helping you. Hope you have great day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Hope you have great day.
Hi I haven't heard anything regarding the investigation you opened up into my missing modem.  Do you have any updates.  Can you please attend to this urgently.  I am not pleased.
Hi I haven't heard anything regarding the investigation you opened up into my missing modem.
Do you have any updates.
Can you please attend to this urgently.
I am not pleased.
Hello Peter, I am sorry to hear you are unhappy. Could you please provide me with the order number so that I can pull up your information on the system?
Hello Peter, I am sorry to hear you are unhappy.
Could you please provide me with the order number so that I can pull up your information on the system?
78368
Thank standby while I pull up your information.
It seems the system is backlogged . I do apologize for this. The investigation is gonna take an addition 24 hours to complete.
It seems the system is backlogged .
I do apologize for this.
The investigation is gonna take an addition 24 hours to complete.
If you would like I can provide you with my personal email account and I will be sure to followup and let you know was soon as the investigation is complete.
Okay please do.
This is very frustrating.
You can contact me on Josi@acme.com
Okay thanks.
I completely understand.If we are unable to find your packages I will ensure that a replacement is send out to you as soon as possible.
Okay thanks.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it.
Hope to hear back on that modem soon.
I will be sure to let you know as soon as possible. Have a great day.
I will be sure to let you know as soon as possible.
Have a great day.
I recently placed an order for new internet modem. Earlier while I was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door. On arriving home my package was missing. I looked online and saw I explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package. I would like you to assist me
I recently placed an order for new internet modem.
Earlier while I was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door.
On arriving home my package was missing.
I looked online and saw I explicitly said they require a signature when delivering the package.
I would like you to assist me
Hi Jonathan! I am going to look into your issue.
Hi Jonathan!
I am going to look into your issue.
Please verify your address and phone number
My address is 1704 hidden valley, Harrisburg , PA 17101
And phone number is 8364637282
This address matches what I have got on the system
Ok
I will be opening a ticket of inquiry
to investigate this matter further
Okay
What I should do next
There is nothing you need to do on your end. This normally takes 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, please contact us back
There is nothing you need to do on your end.
This normally takes 24 hours.
If you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, please contact us back
Okay
Thank you
you're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
you're welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all
Thank you
ok great, have a great day!
Hi. I was supposed to have a modem resent due to a delivery issue I contacted about 2 days ago and have not heard anything.
Hi.
I was supposed to have a modem resent due to a delivery issue I contacted about 2 days ago and have not heard anything.
Can you provide your order #?
473236747
Thank you
Let me pull up your account
Ok
I see there is a backlog
and the investigation will take an additional 24 hours
May I have your phone number so I can personally contact you with an update
Sure it's 555-318-0866
Thank you. I will ensure this problem gets resolved
Thank you.
I will ensure this problem gets resolved
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
That is all
ok great, thank you!
Hello, i have a problem. None of my tv channels are working. I try resetting the system and nothing happened. Can you help me determine whats wrong Please?
Hello, i have a problem.
None of my tv channels are working.
I try resetting the system and nothing happened.
Can you help me determine whats wrong Please?
Hi. Please verify your address and phone number
Hi.
Please verify your address and phone number
My phone is 352 4567-897
And my address is 4972 tyler avenue, miami, fl, 33179
Thank you providing this info
Since the problem did not resolve after restarting, then I am going to have to create a tech ticket for you
Ok. Can you send the number to my email?
Someone will contact you within the next 2 hours.
Yes I send it to your email.
Can you provide me with your email?
Kevin.eddie@gmail.com
Thank you! I have created the ticket and will contact you soon
Thank you!
I have created the ticket and will contact you soon
Thank you very much
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I just received the email
ok good!
That Will be all
Have a great day
Enjoy the rest of your day
You too
My cell service just stopped working. This has happened at the worst possible time since I have a lot of things I need to sort. I was wondering what the problem is and how fast can it be resolved.
My cell service just stopped working.
This has happened at the worst possible time since I have a lot of things I need to sort.
I was wondering what the problem is and how fast can it be resolved.
Hey Patricia, Let me looking into this for you. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Hey Patricia, Let me looking into this for you.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Yes. It is 718 455 0392
Yes.
It is 718 455 0392
Thank you for providing your cellphone number, one moment please while I pull up your account details.
Thank you.
It seems that your last payment was declined by the bank.
I did not know that.
It is not a problem. there are various reason for this happening. Would you like me to try re billing the credit card details which we have on the system?
It is not a problem.
there are various reason for this happening.
Would you like me to try re billing the credit card details which we have on the system?
Yes, that would be wonderful.
Standby while I try to rebill your account.
Okay.
Ok the payment was successful. Your account should be activated within the next 5-10 minutes.
Ok the payment was successful.
Your account should be activated within the next 5-10 minutes.
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. That was all. Thank you.
No.
That was all.
Thank you.
It was a pleasure helping you and I hope your service becomes activated in no time. Have a good day.
It was a pleasure helping you and I hope your service becomes activated in no time.
Have a good day.
You too.
I ordered a new modem a few days ago and got an email today saying it had been delivered. When I got home from work i can't find it anywhere.
I ordered a new modem a few days ago and got an email today saying it had been delivered.
When I got home from work i can't find it anywhere.
Hey Billy, let me see what I can do to help.
Have you looking around the premise to ensure no note was left?
Yea I looked all around the house
Could you please provide me with your address details so that I can just verify and double check all the details on the sytem?
162 Washington st Dallas Texas 26262
Thank you, let me just verify with the details I have on the system, standby please.
Ok It seem the package claims to be delivered. But it is obviously not there.
Ok It seem the package claims to be delivered.
But it is obviously not there.
What I need to do is create a ticket for further investigation. This investigation process  normally takes between 12-24 hours to happen.
What I need to do is create a ticket for further investigation.
This investigation process  normally takes between 12-24 hours to happen.
Ok
Ok the ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Ok the ticket has been created.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all. Thanks
That's all.
Thanks
It was a pleasure helping you. Hope you have a good day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Hope you have a good day.
I wish to cancel my cellular contract because the service is bad , calls are dropping. I am feeling that I am paying too much and you once stopped my service without a prior notice due to a billing error on your side. I would like you to help me on this
I wish to cancel my cellular contract because the service is bad , calls are dropping.
I am feeling that I am paying too much and you once stopped my service without a prior notice due to a billing error on your side.
I would like you to help me on this
Hi I am very sorry to hear this.
What is your phone number?
5634383524
I see you've been a loyal customer with us for 7 years. We truly value your business. We have a home signal booster which retails for $500. I would like to offer it to you free of charge
I see you've been a loyal customer with us for 7 years.
We truly value your business.
We have a home signal booster which retails for $500.
I would like to offer it to you free of charge
Hopefully this will resolve your issue and you can remain with ACME.
Ok I hope this works
I am happy you decided to stay with us!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all
ok great, have a good day!
Hello, i recently placed an online order for an internet  modem from your website. Today, i received a neesage That the package was delivered. I just got home and i could not Find the package. I have looked every where and nothing. I know you guys required signature Before leaving a package. Can you help me determine what happened ?
Hello, i recently placed an online order for an internet  modem from your website.
Today, i received a neesage That the package was delivered.
I just got home and i could not Find the package.
I have looked every where and nothing.
I know you guys required signature Before leaving a package.
Can you help me determine what happened ?
I will be happy to help.
The order number is 6754
Can you verify your mailing address
Kevin.eddie@gmail.com
I already have your email but can you verify your home address?
I want to ensure that we have the correct address on file
2794 conaway street, Bloomington in 47408
Thank you.
I am going to pull up your details.
Ok
I see that we have the correct address
I am going to create a search ticket
Ok. Can you send the ticket information to the email i just gave you?
Absolutely as that is more convenient for you
Thank you very much
you are very weleomc
welcome*
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That Will be all
ok great!
I have contacted you regarding a missing Internet modem and it is now 48 hours and I have not heard anything regarding the investigation. I would like to demand an agent who attends to this urgently
I have contacted you regarding a missing Internet modem and it is now 48 hours and I have not heard anything regarding the investigation.
I would like to demand an agent who attends to this urgently
Hi I am very sorry you are having this issue
Can you provide an order number so we can look into this matter for you?
It is 8464638
Thank you.

I am going to pull up your details.
Thank you.
I am going to pull up your details.
Ok
I see there is a backlog. What is your phone number so I Can followup with you personally?
I see there is a backlog.
What is your phone number so I Can followup with you personally?
My phone number is 8473739282
Ok perfect, I created a ticket and I am going to contact you within 2 hours with an update.
Ok thank you
you are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
ok great!
I was trying to assemble a bookshelf and I noticed that there was a shelf missing. I was wondering if you would either send me the missing shelf or have you come pick the bookshelf that I have to be replaced.
I was trying to assemble a bookshelf and I noticed that there was a shelf missing.
I was wondering if you would either send me the missing shelf or have you come pick the bookshelf that I have to be replaced.
Hi Patricia! I am happy to help you!
Hi Patricia!
I am happy to help you!
Thank you.
Did you purchase the oak?
Yes. That's it.
Yes.
That's it.
sweet, happy we located your account.
I am sending you a replacement shelf free of charge
Thank you. That's wonderful to hear.
Thank you.
That's wonderful to hear.
I placed the order and your shelf will arrive in  2 days with Priority shipping
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That was all. Thank you very much.
No.
That was all.
Thank you very much.
ok great, have a great day!
I've been having problems with the quality of my cell service. I wish to cancel my contract.
I've been having problems with the quality of my cell service.
I wish to cancel my contract.
Hey Billy, I am sorry to hear that you wish to leave. Is there nothing I can do to try and improve your experience with us?
Hey Billy, I am sorry to hear that you wish to leave.
Is there nothing I can do to try and improve your experience with us?
I've been dropping calls over the last few months and I'm just tired of dealing with it. So no I don't think so
I've been dropping calls over the last few months and I'm just tired of dealing with it.
So no I don't think so
I am so sorry to hear that you are having all of these problem. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can pull up your details on the system?
I am so sorry to hear that you are having all of these problem.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can pull up your details on the system?
575-562-5272
Thank, please standby while I pull up this information.
Ok I have the information, I see you still have 8 months remaining on your iPhone?
Ok
Yes
Just to ensure that you are aware taking the cancelation fee into account, it will cost you $360 to cancel the remainder of the contact.
I understand there's a fee but the problem is that I'm not getting good service. I wouldn't have signed the contract if I knew I would drop so many calls.
I understand there's a fee but the problem is that I'm not getting good service.
I wouldn't have signed the contract if I knew I would drop so many calls.
I do apologies for the dropping of the calls, however I am not sure if there is anything which I can do to reduce this cancelation fee
Is there a manager you can talk to?
Give me one moment while I speak to the manager and see what I can do?
Ok
Ok it seems the best I can do is remove the $200 cancelation fee.
That bring the final amount you will need to pay is $160  for the remainder of the phone.
Ok that's fine. I just want to cancel and move on
Ok that's fine.
I just want to cancel and move on
OK, let me just process you cancelation quickly.
Ok
OK your cancelation has been processed.
Thanks.
You  will receiving confirmation via mail with the final out standing amount.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks for your help
No.
Thanks for your help
It was a pleasure helping you. I am truly sorry to see you leave us.
It was a pleasure helping you.
I am truly sorry to see you leave us.
I hope you have a great day.
Hello, i want i want to cancel my cellular service with your company because of the bad service you have gave me in the last 4 month and Also because i Think i am Paying too much for the bad service you are providing me with it.
Hi, I am sorry you are having issues with your service.
What is your phone number?
567-6678 445
Thank you.
I see you have been a customer with us for over 7 years. We value your loyalty. If I can offer you 3 months free service, would you consider keeping your contract with us?
I see you have been a customer with us for over 7 years.
We value your loyalty.
If I can offer you 3 months free service, would you consider keeping your contract with us?
I Will but if the service continues being bad?
I will also throw in a signal booster to alleviate your signal problems free of charge
Ok i Will stay for 3 months
Hoping the service Will be better
Thank you for considering staying with us.
If service is not improved, I have made a note on your account that the cancellation fee will be waived if you call back in 3 months
Thank you for understanding my situation
Ok Thank you
That is a good option
Absolutely, that is what I am here for.
I love putting smiles on customer's faces
You are truly a valued customer!
Thank you very much
You have done That today
Im pleased.
Is there anything else I can help you with today Mr. Coppola?
That Will be all for today
Thank you very much
Ok awesome, well have an amazing day and thank you for choosing ACME!
I was snowed in at a holiday resort and I missed my flight because of it. I wasn't able to notify the airline due to no external communication in the resort. I have just arrived into town so I wanted to contact you all to explain why I missed the flight and to find out when the next available flights are.
I was snowed in at a holiday resort and I missed my flight because of it.
I wasn't able to notify the airline due to no external communication in the resort.
I have just arrived into town so I wanted to contact you all to explain why I missed the flight and to find out when the next available flights are.
Hi Patricia! I am sorry about this. Can you provide your flight details?
Hi Patricia!
I am sorry about this.
Can you provide your flight details?
I need to figure out when I can return back since I missed that flight. I can't seem to remember the details.
I need to figure out when I can return back since I missed that flight.
I can't seem to remember the details.
What is your destination?
Connecticut.
ok and what airport are you at now?
I'm not at the airport right now. I'm in the town where the holiday resort is located. I just want to know when the next available return flights are.
I'm not at the airport right now.
I'm in the town where the holiday resort is located.
I just want to know when the next available return flights are.
Which city are you in so I can locate available flights?
Aspen.
Ok great. I have a flight leaving Aspen  tomorrow at 9a to Connecticut. Are you available to make this flight?
Ok great.
I have a flight leaving Aspen  tomorrow at 9a to Connecticut.
Are you available to make this flight?
Yes, I will be able to.
ok great. I have booked you on this flight
ok great.
I have booked you on this flight
Thank you so much.
I will send you flight details via email
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with Patricia?
No. That was pretty much it.
No.
That was pretty much it.
Ok great, have a safe flight!
On Tuesday I spoke to someone about my modem and they were supposed to get back to me within 2 days but I never heard from anyone.
Hi Billy! I am sorry about the delay. Let me have your order number so I can look up your account.
Hi Billy!
I am sorry about the delay.
Let me have your order number so I can look up your account.
4735643sf
Thank you for this! I see there is a backlog and the investigation will take an additional 24 hours
Thank you for this!
I see there is a backlog and the investigation will take an additional 24 hours
I am sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you
Is there any way to speed this up? I need the new modem because my internet isn't working.
Is there any way to speed this up?
I need the new modem because my internet isn't working.
Can you provide me with your phone number so I can personally contact you with an update?
565-526-5721
Ok perfect, thank you. I have placed  a note in your account. I have also put a request with USPS to locate your package
Ok perfect, thank you.
I have placed  a note in your account.
I have also put a request with USPS to locate your package
I will call you personally once I learn more information.
Ok thanks.
I will ensure your package gets to you
I appreciate it
even if I have to deliver the package to you myself!
Did I resolve your issue today?
Hopefully
I know  USPS has been having delivery delays lately.
I will make sure to follow-up accordingly. My name is Jai Smith
I will make sure to follow-up accordingly.
My name is Jai Smith
I see. Well hopefully they figure it out
I see.
Well hopefully they figure it out
Thanks Jai
You are very welcome Billy . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome Billy .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all.
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello, i contacted you guys 2 days ago about a missing internet modem and i have still not receive an answer
My ticket number is 56788-45
I am very unhappy because it should be resolved by Now
Hey there, let me have a look what I can do to help.
Pulling up the information as we speak.
Ok
OK, it seems there is currently a backlog and the investigation as taking longer than normal.
I estimate it will take an additional 24 hours.
Ok i Will wait just the extra 24 hours
I do apologize for this and thank you for your patients and understanding.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That Will be all for today
In that case I hope you have a great day.
Good afternoon, my cable has been out all day
Hello?
Hey Josh, I am sorry
I will be able to help you today.
Could you please provide me with your address details?
456 seaboard rd, Andrews SC 29510
Thank you for the this. One moment while I pull up your information of n the system.
Thank you for the this.
One moment while I pull up your information of n the system.
OK I have your information in front of me.  Lets begin the troubleshooting process.
OK I have your information in front of me.
Lets begin the troubleshooting process.
Ok
Have you tried to reboot you system?
No
Could you please try removing the plug from the wall socket and putting it back in?
Ok hold on a sec while I do that
No problem, I will standby.
Ok that seemed to work
Great news:)
Is there anything else which I can assist you with today?
That's all
Sorry for the wait. Have a great day.
Sorry for the wait.
Have a great day.
I have moved and I need a new installation   The cables aren't right
Hi John! I am happy to help you on this!
Hi John!
I am happy to help you on this!
My address is Kevin d eddy  2794 conaway at  Bloomington IN 47408
Thank you for providing your address. When did the problems begin?
Thank you for providing your address.
When did the problems begin?
As soon as I moved
Ok no worries.
Have you retried restarting the modem?
Can't even hook it up. Don't have the cables!
Can't even hook it up.
Don't have the cables!
Oh ok I see. Ok I can have cables priority shipped to you
Oh ok I see.
Ok I can have cables priority shipped to you
I can have those at your residence by tomorrow morning
Free of charge
Ok thank you
Ok once you receive the cables, please switch them out
and your service should be back to normal.
Ok
I am happy we came to a resolution
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all thank you
ok great, have a wonderful day.
Hi none of my cable channels are working can you please help me out?
HI Peter, I will be happy to help you!
Please verify your address and phone number
2794 conaway street. Bloomington in 47408
2794 conaway street.
Bloomington in 47408
Thank you. When did the problems start?
Thank you.
When did the problems start?
5185983378
Earlier this morning.
Have you retried starting the modem such as unplugging and plugging it back?
No let me try that hang on.
ok not a problem
Yes that worked!  Thank you.
Yes that worked!
Thank you.
ok great.
im relieved and happy
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm good now thank you.
Hi, my cellphone service is out. I'm on wifi ATM. Can you tell me the problem?
Hi, my cellphone service is out.
I'm on wifi ATM.
Can you tell me the problem?
Can you verify your phone number?
716-352-2000
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes
thank you
hold one moment
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Awesome! Thank you!
Awesome!
Thank you!
very welcome
Anything else I can help you with today?/
That will be all. Thanks again
That will be all.
Thanks again
ok great, have a good day!
Hi. Just got home from work and turned on TV and all my cable channels are dead
Hi.
Just got home from work and turned on TV and all my cable channels are dead
Any ideas about what's up?
Hi Peter!
Sorry to hear this. I am here to help
Sorry to hear this.
I am here to help
Can you provide your address and phone number?
Worked fine last night
Address
3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
Phone is 703-965-6478
Have you restarted the modem?
No
Haven't tried that
Lets try it to see if this clears up the problem
Ok
There is a blue switch on the back of the modem
Please press that
I see it
Ok that worked
Channels are back up
Awesome!
works everytime!
Cool
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will remember that trick
Nope
Thanks
ok have a great day!
Hi can you please help me out?
I had a modem delivered to my house today and I wasn't even home even though I specifically asked for me to have to sign for it.
When I got home it was gone.  I think it was stolen.
When I got home it was gone.
I think it was stolen.
Hi Peter! Please verify your address.
Hi Peter!
Please verify your address.
I am going to look up your account
2794 conaway steet Bloomington in 47408
this matches our records
I am creating a ticket inquiry for you.
Okay thank you
If you do  not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back
I will.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope
ok great, have a good day
Hi, I just bought a bookshelf from you, but it's missing a shelf!!
Hi, I just bought a bookshelf from you, but it's missing a shelf!
!
Hi John. Was it the oak?
Hi John.
Was it the oak?
What is your home address?
Yes it was oak. Address is 2794 conaway st, Bloomington IN 47408
Yes it was oak.
Address is 2794 conaway st, Bloomington IN 47408
Ok great! I am going to send you a free shelf
Ok great!
I am going to send you a free shelf
Awesome! Thank you!
Awesome!
Thank you!
great. I placed the order.
great.
I placed the order.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be it. Thank you
That should be it.
Thank you
ok great have a good day!
Hi I want I cancel my cell contract
I am constantly dropping calls and my service is bad.  I am paying way too much for this.
I am constantly dropping calls and my service is bad.
I am paying way too much for this.
HI Peter! I am sorry to hear of you having issues.
HI Peter!
I am sorry to hear of you having issues.
Also you once stopped my service without even letting me know due to a clerical error in your end.  I'm very frustrated.
Also you once stopped my service without even letting me know due to a clerical error in your end.
I'm very frustrated.
Can you provide me with your cell phone number?
so I can look up your account
5185983378
I see you've been a customer for over 7 years. We truly value your service. I would like to offer you 6 months with a 50% off discount. And to relive your signal problems, I will add in a signal booster free of charge.
I see you've been a customer for over 7 years.
We truly value your service.
I would like to offer you 6 months with a 50% off discount.
And to relive your signal problems, I will add in a signal booster free of charge.
Would this offer be good for you?
That would be great thank you.
awesome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's I thanks.
ok great have a good day!
Help! I got snowed in on vacation and missed my flight home. Can you tell me when the next available flight is?
Help!
I got snowed in on vacation and missed my flight home.
Can you tell me when the next available flight is?
Hi John! I am sorry to hear this.
Hi John!
I am sorry to hear this.
I will help you
What are  your flight details: time, date and destinaiton
destination*
I need to get back to Bloomington, IN on the next flight
ok I am looking up flights now
I am going to switch you free of charge
That would be great
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 12p. Does this time work for you?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow morning at 12p.
Does this time work for you?
Perfect!
awesome. I will send all flight details to you now
awesome.
I will send all flight details to you now
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That should be it thanks again
ok great. You're welcome
ok great.
You're welcome
Enjoy your day!
Good morning, Hello, none of my tv channels are working, can you help me fix it?
The problem started last night
Hi. I can help you resolve this!
Hi.
I can help you resolve this!
What is your phone number and address?
Great
456-7866677 and my address is 2794 conaway street Bloomington in 47408
Ok thank you. I have your account pulled up. Have you tried rebooting the modem?
Ok thank you.
I have your account pulled up.
Have you tried rebooting the modem?
Yes i did That last night and this morning
I Think you Will need to send a technician
Ok not a problem. Do I have your permission to put in a work order for you
Ok not a problem.
Do I have your permission to put in a work order for you
Yes you have
Thank you.
I put a tech order, free of charge, to come out and repair the cables in your home.
Thank you.
very welcome
Did I answer all your questions?
Yes you did
Thank you for you asistance
youre welcome. have a great day!
youre welcome.
have a great day!
Hi I haven't heard any updates on my missing modem and it's been 48 hours!
I am sorry to hear this.
What is your order number?
7367263
Thank you
I see there is a backlog
It's going to take another 24 hours to get more information. What is your phone number?
It's going to take another 24 hours to get more information.
What is your phone number?
So I can personally contact you with an update
5185983378
Thank you.
I will call you once I hear an update. My name is Tyreek
I will call you once I hear an update.
My name is Tyreek
Okay great thank you.
Have a great day!
Hi. My modem was apparently delivered but there's no modem at my home. I was away when the delivery came.
Hi.
My modem was apparently delivered but there's no modem at my home.
I was away when the delivery came.
Hi. I can help you with this.
Hi.
I can help you with this.
Ok
Can you verify your address and phone number?
5678 seaboard rd Andrews, SC 29510 and 555-318-0866
Thank you.
This matches our address on file.
Ok. The delivery should have required a signature
Ok.
The delivery should have required a signature
They supposedly left it when no one was home.
I do not know what occurred however I am creating a ticket for further investigation
Ok
If you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, then contact us back immediately
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all
have a great day
Hi.  I ordered a new modem from you last week and just got a msg it was delivered
Hi.
I ordered a new modem from you last week and just got a msg it was delivered
I went home and it isn't there at all
Specifically asked to sign on delivery when I ordered
Hi Peter, I am Jai from ACME. I will be happy to assist you on this
Hi Peter, I am Jai from ACME.
I will be happy to assist you on this
Thanks
Can you please provide your phone number and address?
Phone is 703-965-6478
Thank you. I am going to create a ticket with USPS on locating your package
Thank you.
I am going to create a ticket with USPS on locating your package
Ok
This could take up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back, then please contact us.
This could take up to 24 hours.
If you do not hear back, then please contact us.
All right
You'll definitely hear back from me if I don't get good news
You definitely will.
Will look forward to hearing from them
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
ok great, have a good day!
I just moved into a new apartment and I need to get internet installed
My new address is 2794 Conaway St. Bloomington, Indiana 47408
Hi Kevin!
I will be happy to help
I have updated your account
Thanks
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Sure
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment
Is there anything else I can help you with
That's all I needed. Thanks much
That's all I needed.
Thanks much
ok great, have a good day
Hello, my name is Kevin Eddie and i need your asistance. Two days ago i ordered an internet modem from your website and it was sippossed to arrive today. I received a neesage That the package was left in front of my home but i just got here and i could not Find it. Can you help me track what happen with it?
Hello, my name is Kevin Eddie and i need your asistance.
Two days ago i ordered an internet modem from your website and it was sippossed to arrive today.
I received a neesage That the package was left in front of my home but i just got here and i could not Find it.
Can you help me track what happen with it?
Hi Kevin
Yes I can
Great
Can you provide me with your address and phone number?
567 7867895
My address is 2794 conaway street Bloomington in 47408
Sorry about the delay, i lost my internet connection
It is ok. Is everything back up and running now?
Yes
I have created a ticket inquiry for finding your package
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours please contact us back immediately.
Ok i Will
Thank you for your support
And Sorry for the delay
No worries at all.
You are very welcome. Thank you for choosing ACME!
You are very welcome.
Thank you for choosing ACME!
Have a great day!
I'd like to speak w someone about canceling my cellphone service please
Not happy w all my dropped calls for what I'm paying
Also not happy about billing error last month.
Think it's time we parted
Thank you for waiting Peter
I will be happy to help you.
Ok
Losing service last month for a day due to yr billing error was the decider
I see you have been a customer with us for over 7 years
Yes
I would like to offer you a deal to stay with us
Hmm
That's fair
I will offer you 6 months at a 50% discount
Ok
and a free signal booster
I will accept and give it a chance
awesome thanks!
I am happy you are staying with us
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
Appreciate the deal
you're welcome! Have a great day!
you're welcome!
Have a great day!
Hi. I'd like to cancel my cell contract
Hi.
I'd like to cancel my cell contract
H. I can help
What is the reason for your cancellation?
My service is very poor, dropped calls, outrageous monthly bill
I see you've been a customer for over 7 years. I will offer you 6 months at a 50% discount and a free signal booster
I see you've been a customer for over 7 years.
I will offer you 6 months at a 50% discount and a free signal booster
Hmmm. Ok I'll give it a try I guess
Hmmm.
Ok I'll give it a try I guess
sounds great, I am happy to hear that
Is there anything else we can do for you Kevin?
That's it
ok awesome. Have a great day!
ok awesome.
Have a great day!
My cell service quit working. I can get wifi but no calls or texts.
My cell service quit working.
I can get wifi but no calls or texts.
What is your phone number
8652102002
thank you
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
That's strange. Go ahead.
That's strange.
Go ahead.
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Excellent!
Im so happy that we resolved the issue.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed. Thanks
That's all I needed.
Thanks
ok great! have a good day!
ok great!
have a good day!
Hi I spoke with Jai 2 days ago about a delivery I didn't receive for my modem
I was supposed to hear something in 24 hrs
Been 48 now and still waiting
Really frustrated
I am very sorry to hear that Peter.
What is your order number?
615188652
There was a ticket opened for investigation too
I see that we are backlogged and its going to take another 24 hours to get more information.
Can I have your contact number?
I will call you personally
703-965-6478
with updates on your package.
Sorry about the backlog but that's not my problem
I hope this is fixed very soon
I see here that USPS has been experiencing delivery delays on their end
This is what might be holding up your package
Ok
I am very sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. I am taking an additional 40% off your first month's bill.
I am very sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you.
I am taking an additional 40% off your first month's bill.
Thanks for that
You are very welcome. You have been a great and loyal cusotmer
You are very welcome.
You have been a great and loyal cusotmer
customer
Thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
ok great, enjoy the rest of your afternoon.
Hi. I contacted your company a few days ago about a delivery issue with my modem and haven't heard anything back
Hi.
I contacted your company a few days ago about a delivery issue with my modem and haven't heard anything back
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear about that. Could you please provide me with your order number so I can investigate what is going on?
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear about that.
Could you please provide me with your order number so I can investigate what is going on?
58647
Thank standby, while I look what is going on.
It seems there is a backlog on investigation and they have not gotten around to investigating your case.I suspect it could take another 24 hours, is this a problem?
No just makes big sure it didn't fall through the cracks
"Making sure
I will personally make sure it does not happen, if you wish you can email me at jozi@acme.com to follow up if you do not hear from me within the next 5 hours or so.
Ok thanks!
Is there anything else I can assit you with?
That's it
I will be sure to follow up for you.
Have a good day.
I just received a bookshelf I ordered and there is a shelf missing.
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear about that. Could you please give me your order number so I can look it up on our system?
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear about that.
Could you please give me your order number so I can look it up on our system?
HD35467DGR
Cool thanks you. One moment while I pull up your account details.
Cool thanks you.
One moment while I pull up your account details.
Np
Ok I have pulled up your order, It seems to be a 5 shelf oak bookcase?
Yes and there is one missing
No problem, let me order you a new shelf.
standby while I do so.
Ty
OK the shelf has been ordered, it will arrive within the next 2 business days.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Perfect
No, that's all I needed
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
It was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a good day.
I just missed my flight. Got snowed in at a resort and there was no internet or phone service. When is the next available flight?
I just missed my flight.
Got snowed in at a resort and there was no internet or phone service.
When is the next available flight?
Hi Kevin! I am sorry to hear this. What are your flight details?
Hi Kevin!
I am sorry to hear this.
What are your flight details?
I was supposed to fly back to Chicago at 6:30 am
Ok I will change your flight free of charge
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a. Are you available?
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 8a.
Are you available?
Excellent. I am available
Excellent.
I am available
Ok perfect, I have scheduled you on this flight. I am emailing you the tickets now.
Ok perfect, I have scheduled you on this flight.
I am emailing you the tickets now.
Ty
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not at all. Have a great day
Not at all.
Have a great day
ok great.  You're welcome. Take care and have a safe flight
ok great.
You're welcome.
Take care and have a safe flight
Hi, I came home today to find none of my cable channels are working.
My favorite show is on In a few minutes and would like this resolved soon please
Hi!I can help you with this issue.
Thank you
Can you provide your phone number and address?
4721 Hickory Lane, Hamden CT 06473 # 1-660-4519134
I see there might be a problem with your modem
Ok
Have you tried rebooting the system
No not yet
I will attempt that now
Ok I would suggest trying that
Okay I.did and it works
yay!
I am relieved
IS there anything else you can help me with?
No that's all thank you
hi there none of my tv channels work an you help?
Hi I can help you on this!
great!
what should I do?
hello?
I am pulling up your account using your name
Can you verify your phone number?
4202473659
Thank you!
Have you tried rebooting the system
nonpe
how do I do that?
There is a blue button on the back of your modem
ok
I did that
How is the service?
it looks like into working now
yay!
I am happy
IS there anything else I can help you with??
IS there anything else I can help you with?
?
nope!
awesome
Well have a great day!
Hello, my name is Kevin and i would like to cancel my cellular contract siento the bad service and the extensible rates
Can you help me with it?
Hi Kevin! I am sorry you are experiencing problems
Hi Kevin!
I am sorry you are experiencing problems
What is your cell phone number?
My number is (567) 7834 634
ok thank you
The service is getting worst by the minute
I see you have been a customer for the last 7 years
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us
50% off for the next 6 months
Ok
and a free signal booster
I like That but what happens if in 3 months the service is worst than today?
I will make a note on your account that we will waive your cancellation fee
If you are still unhappy with the service
Ok That Will great
good, im pleased.
Is there anything else i can help you with?
No, That Will be all
Thank you
great!
Hi, I had ordered a modem and it was supposed to be delivered by signature and while I was at work I received a delivery confirmation email and the package was missing when I got home.
Thank you for contacting us!
I will be happy to help
Ok
Please verify your phone and address
4721 Hickory Lane Hamden CT 06473 #660-451-9134
thank you for verifying
No problem
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
Okay
since there seems to be a problem on USPS end
I am going to get to the bottom of it for you
Thank you
It normally takes about 24 hours to hear back but if you don't hear back then contact us back immediately
Okay and will I be sent a new modem?
If we cannot locate your modem or contact you within 24 hours  then please feel free to contact us back1
I will place a note in your account
Ok
IS there anything else I can help you with?
No
ok great, have a great day!
hi, I got a new modem delivered to my house while I was at work and got a notice it was left on my front doorstep, but when. I got home from work the package was missing, can you help?
hi, I got a new modem delivered to my house while I was at work and got a notice it was left on my front doorstep, but when.
I got home from work the package was missing, can you help?
HI Kevin! I can help you!
HI Kevin!
I can help you!
Please verify your adress
2794 conaway street Bloomington in 47408
Thank you so much!
I am going to take a look into your account.
thabbks
Looks like there is a problem with USPS
ah
ok
It normally takes about 24 hours to hear back but if you don't hear back then contact us back immediately
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
Ok
thanks
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
nope!
Ok great, thank you!
Hi I would like to cancel my cell contract. I am tired of all the issues I have had with this company.
Hi I would like to cancel my cell contract.
I am tired of all the issues I have had with this company.
Hi Patricia! I am Tyreek. Thank you for contacting ACME
Hi Patricia!
I am Tyreek.
Thank you for contacting ACME
Can you provide me with your cell phone number?
So i can access your account.
660-451-9134
I see you have been a customer for the last 6 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay since we value your loyalty to us.
I see you have been a customer for the last 6 years.
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay since we value your loyalty to us.
What kind?
What are the issues you been experiencing?
Dropped calls, I pay WAY to much and once had my account cut off because of a billing error on your end.
I found another company that offers the same service for half the cost.
Ok I see. I would like to offer you 6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster. The signal booster retails at $500
Ok I see.
I would like to offer you 6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster.
The signal booster retails at $500
No I can't like I said another company is half the price always
Give me one minute while I check something on your account
Ok
Which phone do you currently have?
Iphone 4s
I can upgrade you to the iphone 6
free of charg
charge*
Make it 1 year 1/2 price and the phone upgrade and signal booster and I'll keep my contract.
For you, anything is possible. Because ACME truly values you and want to show you that we are the best, I will honor your request
For you, anything is possible.
Because ACME truly values you and want to show you that we are the best, I will honor your request
Thank you!
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with
No that's all thank you!
ok. have a great day!
hi there, I want to cancel my cellular service it's too expensive for the dropped calls and poor service I get and once you stopped my service from a billing error in your side.
Hi, I am sorry to hear of this. Can you provide your phone number?
Hi, I am sorry to hear of this.
Can you provide your phone number?
So i can access your account.
048561252
I see you have been a customer for the last 6 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay since we value your loyalty to us.
I see you have been a customer for the last 6 years.
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay since we value your loyalty to us.
I would like to offer you 6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster. The signal booster retails at $500
I would like to offer you 6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster.
The signal booster retails at $500
Does this offer sound good to you?
yes sounds great
Ok great, i'm relieved.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
nope thanks!
ok great! Have an awesome day!
ok great!
Have an awesome day!
Hi, I contacted you the other day about my missing package and have received no call back about what is happening with my package. I think this is ridiculous and it should have been figured out by now.
Hi, I contacted you the other day about my missing package and have received no call back about what is happening with my package.
I think this is ridiculous and it should have been figured out by now.
Hi Patricia! I can assist you on this!
Hi Patricia!
I can assist you on this!
Can you provide me with your phone and address please?
4721 Hickory Lane Hamden CT 06473 660-451-9134
I am checking your account, please hold
Ok
I see that there is a backlog on our end. What is your phone number? I would like to personally give you a call within the next two hours on an update.
I see that there is a backlog on our end.
What is your phone number?
I would like to personally give you a call within the next two hours on an update.
1660-451-9134
I am very sorry that this happened to you. It appears USPS has been experiencing delivery delays
I am very sorry that this happened to you.
It appears USPS has been experiencing delivery delays
Ok
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number
No problem
I have created a ticket for you
This needs to be dealt with today not in 15 hours or 24 hours. I have waited long enough for my modem
This needs to be dealt with today not in 15 hours or 24 hours.
I have waited long enough for my modem
This surely will. I will make sure your package is delivered safely even if that means I deliver it to you myself.
This surely will.
I will make sure your package is delivered safely even if that means I deliver it to you myself.
When will it be?
I will call you back in an hour with an update.
My name is Sam
from ACME
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks no
You are very welcome have a great day
hi there, I contacted you two days ago about a missing package
can you help?
HI Kevin! I can assist you on this!
HI Kevin!
I can assist you on this!
Can you provide me with your phone and address please?
I would like to check your account
4202473659
I am checking your account, please hold
thanks
I see that there is a backlog on our end. What is your phone number? I would like to personally give you a call within the next two hours on an update.
I see that there is a backlog on our end.
What is your phone number?
I would like to personally give you a call within the next two hours on an update.
Thank you for providing me with your cellphone number
I am very sorry that this happened to you. It appears USPS has been experiencing delivery delays
I am very sorry that this happened to you.
It appears USPS has been experiencing delivery delays
I am going to get to the bottom of this!
thanks!
you are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
what are you going to do?  contact me?
what are you going to do?
contact me?
I have put an urgent request through with USPS to locate your package
I am going to personally call you to follow up on the investigation
Does this work for you?
Hi Kevin, are you still there?
Hello, none of my tv channels are working. What could be the problem
Hello, none of my tv channels are working.
What could be the problem
Hi Eddy! Can you provide me with your account number?
Hi Eddy!
Can you provide me with your account number?
81156732
Thank you!
When did the problem begin?
I would say probably last night
Have you retried restarting the modem? If not, there is a purple button on the back of the device. Please press it and count to 5. The modem will reboot.
Have you retried restarting the modem?
If not, there is a purple button on the back of the device.
Please press it and count to 5.
The modem will reboot.
Let me know when you have done this.
I have pressed it
It seems to be working now
How is your service now?
It's working now
perfect
I am relieved
Thank you
Me as well. I am always happy to help our loyal customers
Me as well.
I am always happy to help our loyal customers
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think that's it.
ok great, Have an awesome day!
Good morning. My cable is out and has been out all morning
Good morning.
My cable is out and has been out all morning
Good morning! This is True from ACME. I will be happy to help you
Good morning!
This is True from ACME.
I will be happy to help you
J
K
Can you please verify your address and phone number
467 east Washington st, Shreveport LA 71104
555-318-0866
Thank you!
When did the issue begin?
An hour ago
Oh ok. Have you tried rebooting the system by turning the power on and off?
Yea
Did this resolve the issue?
Nope
Ok I am going to have to create a tech support ticket for you to investigate the problem
Someone will contact you in 24 hours.
Ok thanks
The ticket has been created.
K
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all
Ok great, have a great day!
Hi, my cable is all screwy, it comes on but all the channels are blank. What's wrong?
Hi, my cable is all screwy, it comes on but all the channels are blank.
What's wrong?
Good morning! This is True from ACME. I will be happy to help yo
Good morning!
This is True from ACME.
I will be happy to help yo
you*
Good morning!
Can you please verify your address and phone number
3165 Lucy lane terre haute 47807 803 348 1451
Thank you!

When did the issue begin?
Thank you!
When did the issue begin?
I guess just now. I haven't turned the tv on for a day or two
I guess just now.
I haven't turned the tv on for a day or two
Oh ok. Have you tried rebooting the system by turning the power on and off?
Yea. I thought of that. Didn't seem to help.
Yea.
I thought of that.
Didn't seem to help.
Oh ok. Have you tried rebooting the system by turning the power on and off?
Ok I am going to have to create a tech support ticket for you to investigate the problem

Someone will contact you in 24 hours.
Oh ok.
The ticket has been created
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today.  Guess I'll get some work done.
Not today.
Guess I'll get some work done.
You are very welcome. Thank you and have a great day!
You are very welcome.
Thank you and have a great day!
Hi I ordered a new router the other day, it was to be delivered this morning, and the tracking said it was delivered, but when I got home there was nothing there.
Hi Hannah. I can assist you
Hi Hannah.
I can assist you
Can you verify your address and phone number?
3165 Lucy ln terre haute 47807 8033481451
Thank you. This matches the address on file.
Thank you.
This matches the address on file.
I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
I think I remember something about a signature
Required. I didn't sign for anything
Required.
I didn't sign for anything
I am making a note now in your account that you are stating that you did not sign for the package.
Ty
The investigation process typically take 24 hours
You are very welcome. If you do not hear from anyone in 24 hours, please contact us back
You are very welcome.
If you do not hear from anyone in 24 hours, please contact us back
Ok, how will I hear from you?
One of our reps will be contacting you via phone and/or email. I made a note to give you a call
One of our reps will be contacting you via phone and/or email.
I made a note to give you a call
Hello?
H
Now that I have created a ticket for you, is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I've been disconnected
Now that I have created a ticket for you, is there anything else I can help you with?
Had to shutdown app and restart.  No nothing else Ty
Had to shutdown app and restart.
No nothing else Ty
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi. My modem was delivered while no one was home and it's not here anywhere
Hi.
My modem was delivered while no one was home and it's not here anywhere
I can assist you

Can you verify your address and phone number?
4774 Melissa Way Shreveport LA 71105
Thank you. This matches the address on file.

I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
Thank you.
This matches the address on file.
I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
Should have required a signature
I am making a note now in your account that you are stating that you did not sign for the package.
The ticket has been created.
Expect a follow up call within 24 hours, if you do not hear back from us, please contact us back
Ok
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
Ok great, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. I need to cancel my service. You guys have the worst reception, I'm constantly losing calls, your service is not worth what I'm paying. And last month you cut me off for a non-payment when I had paid early. I've had it with acme I'm going to roadrunner.
Hi.
I need to cancel my service.
You guys have the worst reception, I'm constantly losing calls, your service is not worth what I'm paying.
And last month you cut me off for a non-payment when I had paid early.
I've had it with acme I'm going to roadrunner.
Hi, i am sorry to hear of your issues. I can assist you with this.
Hi, i am sorry to hear of your issues.
I can assist you with this.
Can you please verify your cell phone number?
803 348 1451
How much is my buyout?
I see you have been a customer with us for over 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us since you been a loyal customer.
I see you have been a customer with us for over 5 years.
I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us since you been a loyal customer.
6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster
I'd rather not, thanks. Even at 50% that's still too much. Give me a year @ 66% off and I might consider that.
I'd rather not, thanks.
Even at 50% that's still too much.
Give me a year @ 66% off and I might consider that.
As we truly value your business,  I will honor that request
This goes in effect starting tomorrow
Ok, will I get the signal booster?
yes you will
Give me one second while I update your account..
Sure
Ok now that everything has been noted, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. I do appreciate you working with me on this
No thanks.
I do appreciate you working with me on this
ok great, have an amazing day today! You are very welcome!
ok great, have an amazing day today!
You are very welcome!
I'd like to cancel my phone service
Hi, i am sorry to hear of your issues. I can assist you with this.

Can you please verify your cell phone number?
Hi, i am sorry to hear of your issues.
I can assist you with this.
Can you please verify your cell phone number?
555-318-0866
I see you have been a customer with us for over 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us since you been a loyal customer.
I see you have been a customer with us for over 5 years.
I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us since you been a loyal customer.
6 months at 50% off and I would like to offer you a free signal booster
Alright I'll give it another shot. If this doesn't work in cancelling
Alright I'll give it another shot.
If this doesn't work in cancelling
Sweet! I am sure the signa booster will improve your service overall.
Sweet!
I am sure the signa booster will improve your service overall.
K
I will make a note in your account to waive your cancellation fee if you choose to cancel
Great
Give me one second while I update your account..
Ok
Ok now that everything has been noted, is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
ok great, have an amazing day today!
Hi, I contacted you guys two days ago about my missing router and I still haven't heard from anyone. I need my router!!!!!
Hi, I contacted you guys two days ago about my missing router and I still haven't heard from anyone.
I need my router!!!!
!
?????
????
?
Hello.  I'm kinda fuming here.
Hello.
I'm kinda fuming here.
Hi I am very sorry about this.
Can I have your phone number or order number so I can access your account please
Can't find my order#. I don't think u guys gave me one.  My phone is 8033481451
Can't find my order#.
I don't think u guys gave me one.
My phone is 8033481451
?
Ok not a problem. I am pulling up your account
Ok not a problem.
I am pulling up your account
I see there is a backlog so it will be another 24 hours before we get an update. I can contact you personally with an update in the next 2 hours. Will that work for you?
I see there is a backlog so it will be another 24 hours before we get an update.
I can contact you personally with an update in the next 2 hours.
Will that work for you?
I'd like your name and employee number so I can reference this conversation please.
Absolutely. My name is Roger and my badge ID is 3476. I have also made a note in your account to credit your account $75 for the inconvenience on our end.
Absolutely.
My name is Roger and my badge ID is 3476.
I have also made a note in your account to credit your account $75 for the inconvenience on our end.
Ty roger. That will actually soothe some of feelings. I'll look to hear from u asap
Ty roger.
That will actually soothe some of feelings.
I'll look to hear from u asap
I am happy to have been able to help you.
Great talk to you soon
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
Well I hope so within 2hours but I'm ok for now.
Not to worry. We will get to the bottom of this!
Not to worry.
We will get to the bottom of this!
Great
Thank you for choosing ACME. Enjoy the rest of your morning!
Thank you for choosing ACME.
Enjoy the rest of your morning!
Hello. I'm having cable tv problems. All channels seem to be dead
Hello.
I'm having cable tv problems.
All channels seem to be dead
Was fine last night but nothing today
Hi Peter! I will be happy to assist you
Hi Peter!
I will be happy to assist you
Can you please verify your address and phone number
Sure
3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
703-893-2641
Thank you. This matches the address on file.

I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
Thank you.
This matches the address on file.
I will be opening an inquiry ticket to investigate the location of your package as it says it was left at your front door.
I am sorry
My problem is my cable tv out
I see that there is an issue in your area in regards to cable shutdowns
Ok
Our team sent out a package to you with new cables however I see you did not get that new package with the new cables
What I can do is create a new ticket so you can get your new modem
When will the issue be fixed w cable?
This process normally is complete within 24hours
Ok
If you do not hear back from me in 24 hours, please contact us back.
So my cable tv channels are out for 24 hours?
Unfortunately it will. I can suggest another solution.
Unfortunately it will.
I can suggest another solution.
Have you tried restarting your modem?
No
Let me try that
ok I will hold
Hmm the lower number channels are back
The rest still say no signal
That's better than nothing
Ok I made a note.
I put a rush priority delivery on your account so that modem gets to you quickly.
Ok thanks
Thank you for choosing ACME! You enjoy the rest of your day!
Thank you for choosing ACME!
You enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. I was supposed to have been contacted about a missing delivery on a modem but haven't heard back in 2 days.
Hi.
I was supposed to have been contacted about a missing delivery on a modem but haven't heard back in 2 days.
Hi I am very sorry about this.

Can I have your phone number or order number so I can access your account please
Hi I am very sorry about this.
Can I have your phone number or order number so I can access your account please
Order # 47734784478
I am pulling up your account
I see there is a backlog so it will be another 24 hours before we get an update. I can contact you personally with an update in the next 2 hours. Will that work for you?
I see there is a backlog so it will be another 24 hours before we get an update.
I can contact you personally with an update in the next 2 hours.
Will that work for you?
Perfect
Great!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all
Ok great, have a good day!
None of my channels are working.
Hi! I will be happy to assist you.
Hi!
I will be happy to assist you.
Are you referring to your cable service?
Hi, are you still experiencing issues with the channel connectivity?
U2
None of my channels are working.
Hi! I will be happy to assist you.

Are you referring to your cable service?
Hi!
I will be happy to assist you.
Are you referring to your cable service?
Yes!
Can you verify your phone number?
5554443333
Thank you ! When did the problem begin?
Thank you !
When did the problem begin?
Earlier this morning.
ok. Have you tried rebooting the system?
Yes
And the problem still persists?
Yes.
Ok I am going to have to put in a tech support request for you. This normally takes up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
Ok I am going to have to put in a tech support request for you.
This normally takes up to 24 hours.
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
Okay.
The ticket has been created. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
The ticket has been created.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
No. Thanks for your help!
No.
Thanks for your help!
ok great! Have a good day!
ok great!
Have a good day!
I am not getting any cable TV channels
Hi! I will be happy to assist you. Can you verify your phone number?
Hi!
I will be happy to assist you.
Can you verify your phone number?
Sure, 708-961-8747
Thank you ! When did the problem begin?
Thank you !
When did the problem begin?
This morning when I woke up to check the news, so about two hours ago
ok. Have you tried rebooting the system?
Let me try that now, no I didn't.
ok ill hold
Ok it just powered back on, no still nothing
Ok I am going to have to put in a tech support request for you. This normally takes up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
Ok I am going to have to put in a tech support request for you.
This normally takes up to 24 hours.
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back.
Okay, great thank you!
The ticket has been created. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
The ticket has been created.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Nope that is all, thanks.
ok great, have a good day!
I can't get any of my tv channels to work
Hi! I will be happy to assist you. Can you verify your phone number?
Hi!
I will be happy to assist you.
Can you verify your phone number?
5079237794
Thank you ! When did the problem begin?
Thank you !
When did the problem begin?
When I woke up and turned on the tv is when I noticed
ok. Have you tried rebooting the system?
Yes
problem still persists?
It's still rebooting now...
ok ill hold
It's working
Thank you
Ok great! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks for your help
Ok awesome, have a great day!!!!
Ok awesome, have a great day!!!
!
I got an email that a modem I ordered had been delivered and dropped off at my house
Just got here on lunch break and there's no sign of the modem
Specifically requested signature on delivery too!
Hi! I am sorry to hear this. I am going to help you with this
Hi!
I am sorry to hear this.
I am going to help you with this
Can you verify your address and phone number?
3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
703-893-2641
Thanks this matches the address on file
I am going to make a note inquiry on account to locate your package.
I also made a note that you did not sign for the package. This investigation takes up to 24 hours
I also made a note that you did not sign for the package.
This investigation takes up to 24 hours
Ok
So I'll be contacted?
Yes, however if you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, please contact us back immediately
Will do
Now that I have created the ticket, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No
Thanks
ok great, enjoy the beautiful weather!
Hi, i bought a new internet modem and it said that it was delivered, However I never received it, the tracking said it was left at my front door and required a signature according to the tracking online
Hi. I can help
Hi.
I can help
Please verify your address and phone number.
Sure
2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN 47408
708-961-8747
This matches the information we have on file.  I am going to create a ticket to investigate the location of your package.
This matches the information we have on file.
I am going to create a ticket to investigate the location of your package.
Please hold
Ok
The ticket has been created. It take up to 24 hours. If you do not hear back from us, please give us a call.
The ticket has been created.
It take up to 24 hours.
If you do not hear back from us, please give us a call.
Great, thank you, I hope I finally get it
Now that the ticket has been created, is there anything I can help you with today?
Nope that's all, thanks
ok. have a great day!
I would like to cancel my phone contract please
Too many dropped calls for how expensive it is to be w ACME
Also had a service outage due to a billing problem w ACME last month
Hi Peter. Sorry to hear about this. Can you verify your phone number please?
Hi Peter.
Sorry to hear about this.
Can you verify your phone number please?
My phone is 703-893-2641
I see you have been a customer for a while now
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us
Well I'm a bit interested
50% off for 6 months plus a free signal booster to fix those signal problems.
Ok
That's very generous
I'll take it and give you all a second chance
Sounds good. I am very relieved.
Sounds good.
I am very relieved.
Is there anything else I Can help you with today?
Nope
Thanks for the offer
ok sweet. have a great day.
ok sweet.
have a great day.
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem and noticed when I arrived home from work that the modem was carelessly left at my front door, in plain sight of all my neighbors or passerby's to see/steal. There was a paper left on my front door stating that the delivery man left the modem at my front door. I live in a bad neighborhood and specifically said that a signature MUST be required upon delivery. I even went online and checked to make sure that signature was required. Where is my modem?
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem and noticed when I arrived home from work that the modem was carelessly left at my front door, in plain sight of all my neighbors or passerby's to see/steal.
There was a paper left on my front door stating that the delivery man left the modem at my front door.
I live in a bad neighborhood and specifically said that a signature MUST be required upon delivery.
I even went online and checked to make sure that signature was required.
Where is my modem?
Hi, I am very sorry to hear this.
Can you provide me with your cell phone and address so I can look up your account?
Thank you. This matches the address on file. I am going to open up a ticket to investigate the whereabouts of  your package
Thank you.
This matches the address on file.
I am going to open up a ticket to investigate the whereabouts of  your package
I looked up your account by your name
5079237794. 1704 Hidden Valley Road,
5079237794.
1704 Hidden Valley Road,
Ok
I am creating a personal ticket for me to locate your package. Is it possible for me to call you within 2 hours with an update.
I am creating a personal ticket for me to locate your package.
Is it possible for me to call you within 2 hours with an update.
I want to talk with USPS on this
Yes
Thank you!
I will give you a call shortly
Is there anything else I can assist you with
No thankyou
Have a good day
ok great, have an amazing day!
Hi. Someone opened a ticket for my modem that got dropped off and not signed for
Hi.
Someone opened a ticket for my modem that got dropped off and not signed for
That was 48 hours ago
Seas told Id hear back in 24 hours
Still waiting
I am very sorry. Let me look into this for you.
I am very sorry.
Let me look into this for you.
Still no modem
What is your order number so I can access your account?
615197528
thank you. I am going to call you personally once I get an update from USPS
thank you.
I am going to call you personally once I get an update from USPS
Ok
I really do need that modem tho
I completely understand. I want to ensure you get this modem as well
I completely understand.
I want to ensure you get this modem as well
For our mistake, I would like to offer a $75 credit to your account.
Thanks
I appreciate your help
You are very welcome.
Is there anything I can help you with today?
No
Thanks
ok great. Have an awesome day!
ok great.
Have an awesome day!
I have been very unhappy with my service from ACME. I want to cancel my service, my calls drop constantly, I pay way to much and you guys once cut my service due to a billing mistake you made
I have been very unhappy with my service from ACME.
I want to cancel my service, my calls drop constantly, I pay way to much and you guys once cut my service due to a billing mistake you made
Hi I am very sorry to hear this!
What is your phone number?
708-961-8747
Thank you. I see that you have been a loyal customer for 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us,
Thank you.
I see that you have been a loyal customer for 5 years.
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us,
What's the offer? I am really upset at how I have been treated lately
What's the offer?
I am really upset at how I have been treated lately
6 months at 50% off and free signal booster to deal with the reception problems
Hmm that is tempting, that would save me money and help with the dropped calls
Ok I will take the offer, I really hope this solves me issue
I definitely think it will. The signal booster is our top of the line reception booster. It retails at $675 but I am going to give it to you for free
I definitely think it will.
The signal booster is our top of the line reception booster.
It retails at $675 but I am going to give it to you for free
Excellent, that is a step in the right direction after all the dropped calls I get
I am very relieved.
Is there anything else I can help you with today
?
Nope that's all, thanks
Ok great, You're welcome. Have a wonderful rest of your day!
Ok great, You're welcome.
Have a wonderful rest of your day!
I'm getting really tired of ACME and am requesting to cancel my cell phone contract. The service is not at all what I expected. There are too many dropped calls and I am paying way too much for this poor service.  You guys even cut off y service without prior notice and it was due to a billing error on YOUR end
I'm getting really tired of ACME and am requesting to cancel my cell phone contract.
The service is not at all what I expected.
There are too many dropped calls and I am paying way too much for this poor service.
You guys even cut off y service without prior notice and it was due to a billing error on YOUR end
What is your phone number?
5079237794
Thank you. I see that you have been a loyal customer for 5 years. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us,
Thank you.
I see that you have been a loyal customer for 5 years.
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay with us,
What's the offer?
6 months at 50% off and free signal booster to deal with the reception problems
That seems fair. What if the signal boost doesn't work though?
That seems fair.
What if the signal boost doesn't work though?
I am sure it will work. It is our top of the line booster and retails at $675 which I am offering to you free of charge
I am sure it will work.
It is our top of the line booster and retails at $675 which I am offering to you free of charge
Oh wow. Thankyou.
Oh wow.
Thankyou.
You are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No
Ok awesome. Have a great day!
Ok awesome.
Have a great day!
I contacted ACME two days ago regarding my missing modem. The representative said they would call me back within two hours. I never received a call and I demand to know where my modem is right now!
I contacted ACME two days ago regarding my missing modem.
The representative said they would call me back within two hours.
I never received a call and I demand to know where my modem is right now!
Hi! I am sorry to hear this! I will be happy to look into this for you.
Hi!
I am sorry to hear this!
I will be happy to look into this for you.
Can you provide your  order number?
5079237794
I don't have it with me. I am at work
I don't have it with me.
I am at work
Ok not a problem. I can look it up using your phone number.
Ok not a problem.
I can look it up using your phone number.
Please hold.
Ok
Thanks
I see there is a backlog in our system causing the delay in the investigation.  I can take another look into this for you
I see there is a backlog in our system causing the delay in the investigation.
I can take another look into this for you
Please do
Is it possible that I can contact you within 2 hours with an update as I want to get to the bottom of this!
You promise that I will get a call this time?
Yes I do promise. Customer service is our number 1 priority!
Yes I do promise.
Customer service is our number 1 priority!
Ok. I look forward to speaking with you. What's your name?
Ok.
I look forward to speaking with you.
What's your name?
My name is Howard.
Now that I have created the ticket, is there anything else I Can help you with
No. Thankyou
No.
Thankyou
you are very welcome. have a great day
you are very welcome.
have a great day
Hi
My tv channels are not working
Hi. This is Howard from ACME. How may I help you?
Hi.
This is Howard from ACME.
How may I help you?
What happened to connection ?
Howard?
Can you please verify your phone number and address so I can access your account?
9797979779
3265 Lucy lane terre haute in 47807
Thank you. Have you retried rebooting the modem?
Thank you.
Have you retried rebooting the modem?
Yes I tried but not working
Anything else to try?
Ok not a problem.
I am going to put in a tech support ticket for you.
Yes
I have created the ticket
This will take 24 hours
Okay I will wait
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
If not so contact you
No thanks
I am making a note that someone contact you so as not to trouble you
But in the chance you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back immediately
Ok thank you
You are absolutely welcome!
Have a great day and take care!
Hi
Hi! This is Tanya from ACME. How may I help you?
Hi!
This is Tanya from ACME.
How may I help you?
Hi Tanya my modem is mossing
Missing
It was left in the door
How can I get back my modem?
Tanya?
I am sorry to hear of your problem. Can you verify your phone number and address please?
I am sorry to hear of your problem.
Can you verify your phone number and address please?
9797979779
4972 Tyler avenue Miami fl 33179
Are you there?
Hey
I am seeing that this address matches the one on file.
I am on hold with USPS
Please update
I am going to put in a ticket request on your account.
I am sorry, we are experiencing technical difficulties on our end. Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your patience.
I am sorry, we are experiencing technical difficulties on our end.
Sorry for the delay.
Thank you for your patience.
I will have an update within 24 hours. I will have an agent get in contact with you in the next 24 hours
I will have an update within 24 hours.
I will have an agent get in contact with you in the next 24 hours
Ok when will I get back my modem?
I expect that you should have your modem very shortly. This is why we have to run an investigation to see where the package was located
I expect that you should have your modem very shortly.
This is why we have to run an investigation to see where the package was located
If you do not hear back from us in 24 hours, please contact us back
Okay thank you
You are very welcome.
Would there be anything else?
No thanks
Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great day!
Thank you for choosing ACME.
Have a great day!
I contacted you guys about 2 days ago for my missing delivery. The rep I talked to before said I would hear back, but I never did. I am very upset that I was lied to and demand that this be taken care of immediately
I contacted you guys about 2 days ago for my missing delivery.
The rep I talked to before said I would hear back, but I never did.
I am very upset that I was lied to and demand that this be taken care of immediately
Hi. This is Tanya. I am sorry to hear this. Allow me to help.
Hi.
This is Tanya.
I am sorry to hear this.
Allow me to help.
What is your account number?
708-961-8747 I think it is
Ok thank you. Let me access your account. Please hold.
Ok thank you.
Let me access your account.
Please hold.
I see there is  backlog on our end and this investigation will take another 24 hours.
I am going to speak to my manager to get directly in contact with USPS
Ok please do, it shouldn't take this long
I am going to call you within the next 2 hours with an update
I am going to handle your issue personally
Ok cool, finally some help
I would like to extend a $75 credit to your account for having to deal wit this as its caused so much inconvenience.
I myself would be upset so I completely understand how you feel.
Well that is great of you and does help with the situation
I am relieved.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that's all, I hope I hear from you soon
You definitely well.
Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great day!
Thank you for choosing ACME.
Have a great day!
Thanks
Hi
Anyone there?
I want to cancel my contract
Hi Pat. I will take care of your request.
Hi Pat.
I will take care of your request.
Can you provide your phone number so I can access your account?
9797979779
Thank you. I see you have been a customer for over 5 years. We value your loyalty.
Thank you.
I see you have been a customer for over 5 years.
We value your loyalty.
Can you explain why you would like to cancel your service with ACME?
But I am disappointed with your service
My calls are dropping
Often stopping my service
I would like to offer you our top of the line signal booster
Disappointing me so much
It retails for $675 but I can offer to you for free
and I would like to give you 6 months at 50% off
No I just want to cancel
Okay I should think about this   And get back to you
Thank you for considering our offer.
We really do value your loyalty.
We are committed to making sure you are happy.
I will even extend the offer to 1 full year at the 50% discount
Thank you for your offer
You are very welcome
Was I able to help you today?
Do you want to get back to me with your decision or have you already decided?
Yes I want to continue
ahh this is great news!
I am happy
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I want to continue your service
No thanks
Ok great! Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great day!
Ok great!
Thank you for choosing ACME.
Have a great day!
My cable tv is not working. I have tried and can't view want if the channels
My cable tv is not working.
I have tried and can't view want if the channels
Hi, I will be happy to help you.
Can you verify your address and phone number?
4216 Traction Street Spartanburg SC 28302
Phone is 5185182222
Thank you. When did the problem begin?
Thank you.
When did the problem begin?
This morning
Have you retried restarting the modem?
Sometimes this helps with the problem
There is a blue button on the back of your modem/router. Please hold that down.
There is a blue button on the back of your modem/router.
Please hold that down.
No I will do that now
I will try that now
Hello
Ok I will hold
No I will try that now
I will hold. Let me know if the problem still persists
I will hold.
Let me know if the problem still persists
I tried to do that and that seemed to fix the issue thank you
great, I am happy.
It works everytime.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hello
Hi
My modem is wirking
great, I am happy.

It works everytime.
great, I am happy.
It works everytime.
Is there anything else I cane help you with?
Hi, are you still there?
Hi
Hello Pat, How can I help you today?
I have requested a complaint for my missed modem
Has the complaint been processed or would you like to create a complaint?
But there is no response from your side
If you provide me with your order number I will gladly look to see what I can do.
864258
Can you please take a quick action?
Thanks you, please standby while I research what is going on.
Yes please
OK, it seems we are currently experiencing a backlog.  For this reason we have not gotten around to processing the investigation.
OK, it seems we are currently experiencing a backlog.
For this reason we have not gotten around to processing the investigation.
Is there possibility to receive soon?
What I can do is bump you in the queue and your investigation should be processed within the next 3 hours. I will personally ensure this gets done.
What I can do is bump you in the queue and your investigation should be processed within the next 3 hours.
I will personally ensure this gets done.
Ok thank you
I will also contact you once it is done
If you have any additional questions you are welcome to contact me on jozi@acme.com
Thanks for your help
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
?
No thanks
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
I moved to a new apartment and need to update the address on my account and schedule installation
Hi ! Thank you for contacting us regarding this matter. Can you please update me with your name & new address
Hi !
Thank you for contacting us regarding this matter.
Can you please update me with your name & new address
Bobby Johnson 133 palmetto street Atlanta GA 26278 apt 1353
Thank you
I have updated the system
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area
Ok
I do not see any problems in your area . I can have a technician come out to your area tomorrow to do the install
I do not see any problems in your area .
I can have a technician come out to your area tomorrow to do the install
Are you available at 10a or 2p tomorrow?
Ok great. 10 am works
Ok great.
10 am works
ok. I have scheduled you for the 10a
ok.
I have scheduled you for the 10a
Thanks.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can  help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can  help you with today?
That's all
ok great, have a wonderful afternoon!
My cell service is dead and I can't make any calls. Can you take care of this?
My cell service is dead and I can't make any calls.
Can you take care of this?
Hi. This is Trevor from ACME. May I have your cell phone number?
Hi.
This is Trevor from ACME.
May I have your cell phone number?
465-464-6646
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
That's no good. Yea try it again
That's no good.
Yea try it again
Ok please hold.
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Cool. Thanks for your help
Cool.
Thanks for your help
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will do it
Great. Have a great day!
Great.
Have a great day!
I just moved from my old place and moved into a new one. I have cable with yall and need someone to come out and hook my cable up
I just moved from my old place and moved into a new one.
I have cable with yall and need someone to come out and hook my cable up
Thank you for contacting us.
May I have your name and new address please?
Robert McGregor
671 Langtown rd
Margaretta,OH 44824
Thank you. Please hold while I update your account.
Thank you.
Please hold while I update your account.
Alright
Your account has been updated. I see that your area is serviceable.
Your account has been updated.
I see that your area is serviceable.
Great
I can have a technician come out to do the installation tomorrow at 10a and 2p. Which time works best for you?
I can have a technician come out to do the installation tomorrow at 10a and 2p.
Which time works best for you?
10a would be fine
ok perfect. the installation has been scheduled
ok perfect.
the installation has been scheduled
Is there anything else I Can help you with?
That's all thanks so much
great, have an awesome day
Hello, I have recently moved from my apartment and I need to update my address and also schedule a new installation. My new address does not have the cabling for your internet. Thank you
Hello, I have recently moved from my apartment and I need to update my address and also schedule a new installation.
My new address does not have the cabling for your internet.
Thank you
Hi. I can help you with this.
Hi.
I can help you with this.
What is your new address?
2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you
Please hold while I update your account.
Your account has been updated
I can have a tech come out tomorrow. Which time works best for you? 10a or 11a?
I can have a tech come out tomorrow.
Which time works best for you?
10a or 11a?
11a please!
Ok great, I have scheduled your appt.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you!
ok great, have a good day!
Hello. Just moved and my new place doesn't have cables run to hook up my modem.
Hello.
Just moved and my new place doesn't have cables run to hook up my modem.
Hi. I can help you with this issue.
Hi.
I can help you with this issue.
K
Can you provide me with your name and new address?
Josh Smith. 56 Seaboard rd Andrews SC 29510
Josh Smith.
56 Seaboard rd Andrews SC 29510
ok. please hold while i update your account
I updated your account. I checked and your area is serviceable
I updated your account.
I checked and your area is serviceable
Ok good
I can have a tech come out tomorrow between 9a and noon does that work?
Yes
I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all
ok great. have a good day!
ok great.
have a good day!
Hi I moved into my new home yesterday and realized I never arranged to get internet service
I also need to update my billing address
Hi
I can help you with this!
Can you update me with your billing info?
Address
3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
Phone is the same
ok. please hold while i update your account
Thanks
For internet here I'm afraid this place is older and needs the cabling and wiring installed
I updated your account. I checked and your area is serviceable
I updated your account.
I checked and your area is serviceable
I can have a tech come out tomorrow between 9a and noon does that work?
Ok!
That's fast
Appreciate it!
great
Does this time frame work for you?
Yes
Will be here all day unpacking
I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No
Thanks again
you are very welcome
Have a great day!
My service on my phone is not working... Currently I can use wifi to work on it but I need to see why my service isn't working please
My service on my phone is not working...
Currently I can use wifi to work on it but I need to see why my service isn't working please
Hi. I can help you
Hi.
I can help you
Can you verify your name, number and address
Yes it's Robert McGregor 671 Langtown rd.   Margaretta,OH 44824
Yes it's Robert McGregor 671 Langtown rd.
Margaretta,OH 44824
5126978211
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Not sure why? But yes that's ok
Not sure why?
But yes that's ok
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Great! Thanks so much
Great!
Thanks so much
you are very welcome. have a great day!!!
you are very welcome.
have a great day!!
!
Hello, my cellphone service has just stopped working out of nowhere. I ha a lot of work that I have to get done today. I need to know what the issue is and when it can be fixed.. Thank you
Hello, my cellphone service has just stopped working out of nowhere.
I ha a lot of work that I have to get done today.
I need to know what the issue is and when it can be fixed..
Thank you
Hi. I can help you

Can you verify your name, number and address
Hi.
I can help you

Can you verify your name, number and address
Kevin D. Eddy 5558163795 2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
ok please hold
Yes please
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Okay thank you very much
you are very welcome. have a great day!!!
you are very welcome.
have a great day!!
!
You too!
Hi. I just lost cell service on my phone. Can't make calls. Wifi works
Hi.
I just lost cell service on my phone.
Can't make calls.
Wifi works
Busy afternoon coming up, need my phone!
Hi, I can help you
Thanks
Please provide me with your name, address & phone number.
Peter Guillory
3797 Maud St Wilmington DE
571-893-6478
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes it should go thru
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Ok
Great
So phone back on soon?
Just got a signal. Seems to be back on
Just got a signal.
Seems to be back on
Good!
Is there anything else i can help you with?
Nope
Thank you for getting my phone on
You are very welcome!
have a great day!
Hey my cell service just stopped working for no apparent reason. Can't make any calls at all
Hey my cell service just stopped working for no apparent reason.
Can't make any calls at all
Hi, I can help you
Please provide me with your name, address & phone number.
Josh smith. 15 high point dr shreveport Louisiana 81104. 555-318-0866
Josh smith.
15 high point dr shreveport Louisiana 81104.
555-318-0866
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes please. Should have money in there
Yes please.
Should have money in there
ok please hold
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Awesome
Is there anything else i can help you with?
That is all
have a great day!
You too
Hi
Anyone there?
None of my tv channels are not working.  I tried rebooting so many times
None of my tv channels are not working.
I tried rebooting so many times
Anyone there?
Hi. I will be happy to help you
Hi.
I will be happy to help you
Yes, I can't see an working cable connection on my side
Hey
There?
Online?
Thank you for your patience.
Yes
Can you explain the problem you are having?
My tv channels are not working
I tried rebooting
But did not solve
I am going to have to create a ticket for you
Can you provide your address and phone number
4765 conaway street Hamden ct 65396
6554 conaway street Hamden ct 67884
Thank you. Please hold while I check your account
Thank you.
Please hold while I check your account
I am updating your account
and the problem is still persisting after your reboot?
Hi, are you still there?
Hello, I placed an order for a new modem earlier this week. However, while at work I receive a notification that the item was delivered. When I got home, there was no package. The item required a signature, so I need to know where my package is at.
Hello, I placed an order for a new modem earlier this week.
However, while at work I receive a notification that the item was delivered.
When I got home, there was no package.
The item required a signature, so I need to know where my package is at.
I can help you with this
Thank you for your patience.
Can you verify your address
2794 Conaway street, Bloomington, IN 47408
thank you
Please hold while I update your account
Is there any update??
Is there any update?
?
I am seeing that there is no update with USPS
I am going to have to create a ticket for an investigation
Okay thank you
I have created the ticket
Okay I think that is all that I needed thank you!
You are very welcome. Thank you for choosing ACME.
You are very welcome.
Thank you for choosing ACME.
We truly value your business!
I recently relocated from my apartment and need you to update my residential address and I would like to place an order for a new installation as my new address does not have the required cabling.
Hi, I can help you
Thank you for your patience.
My address is 2794 conaway street, Bloomington IN 47408
thank you
Please hold while I update your account
Ok
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Thank you for holding.
I updated your account.
Thank you
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Yes I am available
Thank you
Ok perfect, I am going to schedule you for this time frame.
Ok
Is it done?
Everything is all set on our end.
We will see you tomorrow.
Do you need any more help?
Thank you
No that will be all
Ok great, I am happy to have spoken with you today.
I hope I answered all your questions.
Yes
Thank you for the help
You are very welcome!
Have an amazing day!
I recently moved and would like to inform you of the address change. I need to get installed again since the new address does not have required cabling  (they used a dish)
I recently moved and would like to inform you of the address change.
I need to get installed again since the new address does not have required cabling  (they used a dish)
I can help you
Thank you for your patience.
Thanks
My new address is 3210 Brookfield Road Harrisburg,PA 17109
When can I get someone out there for installation?
Thank you for this.
Please hold while I update your account
Ok
Thank you for holding. I updated your account.
Thank you for holding.
I updated your account.
Thankyou
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Yes
So I can expect someone between 9am and 1 pm tomorrow?
Yes I will have the tech come out to you free of charge.
You are very welcome!
Awesome. Thank you for all your help.
Awesome.
Thank you for all your help.
You are very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
You are very welcome.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Take care!
Hi I ordered a modem from yall. When I got home it said delivered on the tracking but was not at the house... I made sure to click ask for signature to be delivered... What can you do about this??
Hi I ordered a modem from yall.
When I got home it said delivered on the tracking but was not at the house...
I made sure to click ask for signature to be delivered... What can you do about this?
?
I can help you with this

Thank you for your patience.

Can you verify your address
I can help you with this

Thank you for your patience.
Can you verify your address
Anyone there?
Yes it's 671 Langtown rd. Margaretta,Oh 44824
Yes it's 671 Langtown rd.
Margaretta,Oh 44824
Can you help me with the modem please
Hi thank you for providing me
with this.
I am looking up your account.
Alright thanks
I will create a ticket
Ok
This investigation takes about 24 hours
Ok let me know as soon as you can
Is that all?
If someone does not contact with you within 24 hours please do not hesitate to contact us back
Ok sounds good thanks
You still here?
Yes I am still here. Did I resolve all your issues today?
Yes I am still here.
Did I resolve all your issues today?
Yes thanks
awesome.
Well you have a great day
You too
I recently ordered a modem, was notified it got delivered to my home but it's not here
Hey Josh, I will be able to assist you today, Could you please provide me with your new address details?
Same address. 567 winter wood dr Shreveport Louisiana 71101
Same address.
567 winter wood dr Shreveport Louisiana 71101
Thank, one moment while I investigate  and pull up your information.
Ok
OK it seem you are correct, the system states that your modem was delivered. Is there no note left by the delivery agent?
OK it seem you are correct, the system states that your modem was delivered.
Is there no note left by the delivery agent?
No. Was supposed to require a signature
No.
Was supposed to require a signature
I do apologies for this sir, it seems you are correct and they did require your signature.  What I can do is create a ticket for further investigation and agent will contact you once  the investigation is complete.
I do apologies for this sir, it seems you are correct and they did require your signature.
What I can do is create a ticket for further investigation and agent will contact you once  the investigation is complete.
Ok
OK your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK your ticket has been created.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all
It was pleasure assisting you, Have a great day further.
Hi. I ordered a modem from you and got a msg at work it was dropped off at my house
Hi.
I ordered a modem from you and got a msg at work it was dropped off at my house
Just got home and it isn't here
Neighbors didn't get it, I checked
Specifically requested signature on delivery
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this. Could you please give me your order number so I that I can look what is going on?
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear this.
Could you please give me your order number so I that I can look what is going on?
My order number is 710372
Address is 3797 Maud St in Wilmington
Thank you standby while I investigate please.
Thanks
I have looked on the system and I see that it does state that the package was delivered. Have you looked to see if any note was left by the agent?
I have looked on the system and I see that it does state that the package was delivered.
Have you looked to see if any note was left by the agent?
There was nothing
And I checked w neighbors to see if it was left w them
I apologize for this, let me create a ticket for further investigation. A agent will contact you within the next 24 hours to let you know what the outcome is.
I apologize for this, let me create a ticket for further investigation.
A agent will contact you within the next 24 hours to let you know what the outcome is.
Ok
Thanks
OK your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK your ticket has been created.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
I'll wait to hear from you on this
Thank you for your patients. We will be sure to contact you promptly. Have a good day.
Thank you for your patients.
We will be sure to contact you promptly.
Have a good day.
My cable tv appears to be out. Can you help me?
My cable tv appears to be out.
Can you help me?
Hello
Can you help me with my cable?
Hey Kevin, I will gladly be willing to help you with your cable. What problem are you experiencing?
Hey Kevin, I will gladly be willing to help you with your cable.
What problem are you experiencing?
All of my channels are out. I can select a channel on the cable box but it's just a black screen.
All of my channels are out.
I can select a channel on the cable box but it's just a black screen.
Is your internet currently working? Could you also provide me with your phone information and I will be able to have a look what is going on from my side.
Is your internet currently working?
Could you also provide me with your phone information and I will be able to have a look what is going on from my side.
Yeah, my internet is fine. My number is 607-633-5859
Yeah, my internet is fine.
My number is 607-633-5859
Thank you. Have you tried to restart you system? Pulling out the power cable and putting it back?
Thank you.
Have you tried to restart you system?
Pulling out the power cable and putting it back?
No but I can. One second.
No but I can.
One second.
It's back up and so are my channels. Looks like that fixed it. Thank you for your help.
It's back up and so are my channels.
Looks like that fixed it.
Thank you for your help.
That is great news, Kevin.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, I'm set. Thanks again.
Nope, I'm set.
Thanks again.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day,
It was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a good day,
Acme, I just moved to a new apartment and need to contact my internet provider to tell them my new address and order a new installation. My new place doesn't have he proper cabling. Can you help?
Acme, I just moved to a new apartment and need to contact my internet provider to tell them my new address and order a new installation.
My new place doesn't have he proper cabling.
Can you help?
Hello?
Am I in queue?
Hello Kevin, I am able to assist you today. Could you please specify your new address details.
Hello Kevin, I am able to assist you today.
Could you please specify your new address details.
Sorry for the wait.
It is 2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN, 47408
Thank you, standby while I update your information.
Ok
Your information have been updated. I am currently looking to see if your address is serviceable.
Your information have been updated.
I am currently looking to see if your address is serviceable.
Your address is serviceable , the earliest we can help you is April the 14th between 9a and noon. Does this work for you?
Your address is serviceable , the earliest we can help you is April the 14th between 9a and noon.
Does this work for you?
Yes that is fine
Great let me booked this in for you.
Ok
OK , the appointment has been scheduled. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK , the appointment has been scheduled.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you!
Thanks you for your time. Have a good day further.
Thanks you for your time.
Have a good day further.
I recently moved and would like to update my new contact information and also have someone come out and install the service because my new place doesn't have any of the needed cables
Hey Patricia, it will be my pleasure to assist you. Could you please specify you new address details?
Hey Patricia, it will be my pleasure to assist you.
Could you please specify you new address details?
4721 hickory Lane, Hamden, Ct 06473
Thank standby while I update your information.
Your information has been updated. I am currently looking to see if your address is serviceable.
Your information has been updated.
I am currently looking to see if your address is serviceable.
Ok
Your address is serviceable , the earliest we can help you is between 9a and noon, does this work for you?
Yep that's great
Will you be present at this time?
Yes I will
I great, let me book this in for you.
OK your appointment has been scheduled, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yep all set
Thank you for you time. Have a great day. Was  a pleasure assisting you.
Thank you for you time.
Have a great day.
Was  a pleasure assisting you.
Hi. I recently moved to a new residence. I will like to update my new address and also set an appointment for new installations.
Hi.
I recently moved to a new residence.
I will like to update my new address and also set an appointment for new installations.
Hi Robert! I will be happy to help you
Hi Robert!
I will be happy to help you
Thanks
Can you provide me with your new address?
Sure thing...
671 Langtown road, Margaretta, OH 44824
Thank you for providing me with this information
You're welcome. My place needs new installations. How soon can you send someone in?
You're welcome.
My place needs new installations.
How soon can you send someone in?
I am updating your account with your new address
Ok
Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your patience
Sorry for the delay.
Thank you for your patience
No problem
I have updated your account
I am checking to see if there are any technical problems in your area.
Please do
This should only take a few more seconds.
Ok
Great news, there is nothing wrong with the service in your area
You will be back up in no time
I can have a tech come out to do the install on the 15th at 11a.
Perfect
That's a good time
Will someone be home?
I'll be home :)
perfect. I have put your appointment in. I gave you the first available slot.
perfect.
I have put your appointment in.
I gave you the first available slot.
That's very kind of you
ahh no worries. My pleasure!
ahh no worries.
My pleasure!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, all is good now
Thank you
great!
Take care!
Hi
Hi Hannah! I will be happy to help you
Hi Hannah!
I will be happy to help you
How can I help you today?
Hi William, are you still there?
For some reason my cell phone service stopped
This is not good. I have a lot of admin to sort out   I luckily have access to WiFi. What's going on?
This is not good.
I have a lot of admin to sort out   I luckily have access to WiFi.
What's going on?
This day couldn't get any worse...
Hey Jonathan, let me assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your cellphone number so I can pull up your details on the system?
I'm positive I paid my phone bill
It seems you are paid up. However is seems you have made a large amount of phone calls this month. The service provide believes that it was fraudulent.
It seems you are paid up.
However is seems you have made a large amount of phone calls this month.
The service provide believes that it was fraudulent.
Have you been using your phone a lot this month?
I disconnected, do I need to re type my question again or is this one still visible?
Yes I did. Why does that matter?
Yes I did.
Why does that matter?
It's a phone. That's what it's for
It's a phone.
That's what it's for
It is just over and above your normal pattern.
Ok. So reconnect it and quit disconnecting me
Ok.
So reconnect it and quit disconnecting me
I'm not so sure I'm comfortable with you folks keeping track of my call patterns
I am sorry Jonathan, it is mainly to just ensure no abuses are made. What I can do is reactive your account and also state you feel uncomfortable with us tracking your information.
I am sorry Jonathan, it is mainly to just ensure no abuses are made.
What I can do is reactive your account and also state you feel uncomfortable with us tracking your information.
All I care is that you reconnect me please. Thanks
All I care is that you reconnect me please.
Thanks
I have lots of work to get done and cannot afford to be disconnected
I have reactivated your account and I have also made a note to not track your information any more.
Thank you much. Bye
Thank you much.
Bye
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Have a good day
Thank you, same for you.
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice and it couldn't be a worse day as I had lot of admin to sort out. I would like you to solve this problem as soon as possible.
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice and it couldn't be a worse day as I had lot of admin to sort out.
I would like you to solve this problem as soon as possible.
My cellphone number is 5686374657
Can you help me with this ?
??
?
?
Hey Kevin, sorry for the wait.
Thank you fro providing me with your cellphone number. Let me quickly look on the system what could be causing the problem
Thank you fro providing me with your cellphone number.
Let me quickly look on the system what could be causing the problem
Ok
Please tell me what the problem is
?
OK, it seem that over the past month a lot of phone calls have been made from your phone. The service provider marked the phone calls as suspicious.
OK, it seem that over the past month a lot of phone calls have been made from your phone.
The service provider marked the phone calls as suspicious.
What I should do next ?
What I can do is reactive your account. As I believe this was a mistake from our side.
What I can do is reactive your account.
As I believe this was a mistake from our side.
Ok please do that
OK you account should be activated now. I do apologies for this. I have also made a note that this will not happen again.
OK you account should be activated now.
I do apologies for this.
I have also made a note that this will not happen again.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all
it was a pleasure helping you have a great day.
Hi. We got snowed in at our resort and missed our flight!
Hi.
We got snowed in at our resort and missed our flight!
Couldn't call out until we got to the airport here
Trying to get home to DC
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear you got snowed out. Let me assist you with return home as soon as possible.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear you got snowed out.
Let me assist you with return home as soon as possible.
Thanks
Could you please specify flight number of the flight which you missed?
Delta 48 to DC
Departure was 12:20
Missed it by about an hour
Thank you, let me pull up the information from that flight to assist me with booking you your new flight
Thanks
It seems this flight was canceled due to bad weather.
Wow
That's actually good news I guess
I will be able to booked you a new flight, for of charge, I have two flights available. one for tonight at 8p and the other tonight at 9p
I will be able to booked you a new flight, for of charge, I have two flights available.
one for tonight at 8p and the other tonight at 9p
which would you like?
Let's take the 8pm
Whew
Was worried we'd spend weekend at the airport
OK standby while I book your flight for you.
Thanks
I am glad you will not be spending the weekend at the airport.
Us too!
OK your tickets have been booked. You should be receiving an email with your tickets shortly.
OK your tickets have been booked.
You should be receiving an email with your tickets shortly.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
Great working w you
I hope you can help me. My cell service appears to have died. My phone connects to wifi but not the cellular network.
I hope you can help me.
My cell service appears to have died.
My phone connects to wifi but not the cellular network.
Hi. I can help you  with this issue.
Hi.
I can help you  with this issue.
Thank you... In panic mode here.
Thank you...
In panic mode here.
What is your cell phone number?
6076335859
Thank you
Sorry for the delay. Thank you for your patience.
Sorry for the delay.
Thank you for your patience.
No problem
I see that there was an issue with the bank processing your card. I am going to run the card again. This usually clears up the problem
I see that there was an issue with the bank processing your card.
I am going to run the card again.
This usually clears up the problem
May I try?
Sure
Please hold.
Good news , the card went through this time
Your service will be restored within the next 15 minutes
Good. Not sure what the issue was but as long as it's fixed. Thank you for your help.
Good.
Not sure what the issue was but as long as it's fixed.
Thank you for your help.
It was nothing to do with you.
For some reason your payment did not go through
But I ran the card again and it worked.
Your service will be restored in a few minutes
Good. Thank you again... I very much appreciate the quick help with this.
Good.
Thank you again...
I very much appreciate the quick help with this.
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hey. I was snowed in and will not make my 3PM flight. Can you help me get on a later flight?
Hey.
I was snowed in and will not make my 3PM flight.
Can you help me get on a later flight?
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear this. Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear this.
Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
Flight 5689 from Boston to Houston
Thank you for providing me with this information. Quickly investigating and pulling up your information.
Thank you for providing me with this information.
Quickly investigating and pulling up your information.
K
OK I have had a looked and it seems that flight was canceled due to bad weather.  So I wil be able to booked you a new ticket free of charge.
OK I have had a looked and it seems that flight was canceled due to bad weather.
So I wil be able to booked you a new ticket free of charge.
I have two tickets available. One for tonight at 8p and the other for 11p. Would either of these work for you ?
I have two tickets available.
One for tonight at 8p and the other for 11p.
Would either of these work for you ?
8PM works
Great, standby while I booked your tickets for you.
Ok
Ok your ticket has been booked. You should be receiving the details via email.
Ok your ticket has been booked.
You should be receiving the details via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all
Hello, I was snowed in at my resort and I was unable to make my return flight. I had no communication at the resort, so I was unable to notify you. I would like to know when the next available flights are.
Hello, I was snowed in at my resort and I was unable to make my return flight.
I had no communication at the resort, so I was unable to notify you.
I would like to know when the next available flights are.
Sorry for the wait. Let me try and assist you with return home as soon as possible.
Sorry for the wait.
Let me try and assist you with return home as soon as possible.
Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
I was at my resort and was snowed it. There is no means of communication at the resort so I could not notify the airline.
I was at my resort and was snowed it.
There is no means of communication at the resort so I could not notify the airline.
Could you provide me with the details of your missed flight?
My flight was ACME 801 yesterday at 1 PM
Could you let me know when the next available flights are to Bloomington Indiana
Sure thing, I have looked and it seems this flight was canceled due to bad weather. I will thus be able to booked you a new ticket free of charge.
Sure thing, I have looked and it seems this flight was canceled due to bad weather.
I will thus be able to booked you a new ticket free of charge.
Okay thank you
I have two flight for you one 9p and the other 10p.
Would either of these work for you?
10p please
Standby while I booked you ticket for you.
Ok your ticket has been booked. You should be receiving the details via the email.
Ok your ticket has been booked.
You should be receiving the details via the email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you
Acme, my cell service just stopped. I have a lot of work to do and luckily I have wifi to send this. Help me resolve this problem
Acme, my cell service just stopped.
I have a lot of work to do and luckily I have wifi to send this.
Help me resolve this problem
Hi Kevin! Thank you for your patience
Hi Kevin!
Thank you for your patience
I will be happy to help you!
No problem
Can you verify your phone number?
4605803366
Thank you
I am checking your account now. Please hold.
I am checking your account now.
Please hold.
Ok
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. I am going to try using your card again. Most of the time this works on the second try. I am sorry for the inconvenience.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
I am going to try using your card again.
Most of the time this works on the second try.
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Ok
The payment went through
Great!
Your cell service will be restored in about 5 minutes
You should have full bars shortly
Fantastic
Thanks for the help
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today.
?
No thank you
ok great, enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
You as well
My phone service just stopped and I have no idea why. Do you guys know what the issue is and can you fix it fast because I need my phone for work.
My phone service just stopped and I have no idea why.
Do you guys know what the issue is and can you fix it fast because I need my phone for work.
Hi Patricia! Thank you for patience. I will be happy to assist you!
Hi Patricia!
Thank you for patience.
I will be happy to assist you!
Cool
Can you provide your phone number?
3136734855
Thank you. I am checking your account now.
Thank you.
I am checking your account now.
Please hold.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank. I am going to try using your card again. Most of the time this works on the second try. I am sorry for the inconvenience.
I see that your last payment was declined by the bank.
I am going to try using your card again.
Most of the time this works on the second try.
I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Ok thank you
You are welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yep that's it all set
Ok great, Enjoy the rest of your afternoon
Hi. None of my TV channels are working.
Hi.
None of my TV channels are working.
How can we fix this?
Hey Kevin, sorry for the wait. Let me help you troubleshoot this.
Hey Kevin, sorry for the wait.
Let me help you troubleshoot this.
Have you tried rebooting your system?
Thank you
Yes
And this did not help? Is your internet currently still working?
And this did not help?
Is your internet currently still working?
If you can provide me with your address or phone number I will be able to find out what is going on from this side.
2794 co away st Bloomington IN 47408
8651234568
Sorry conaway at
Street
Not at
OK i have your details in front of me. It seems there is currently an outage in your area.
OK i have your details in front of me.
It seems there is currently an outage in your area.
What I can do however is to create a ticket so that they will notify you as the status changes and the problem is attended to.
Ok
OK the ticket has been created. as the status changes your will receive smses. IS there anything else I can assist you with?
OK the ticket has been created.
as the status changes your will receive smses.
IS there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks
Hope you have a great day.
I was snowed in for 4 days. I missed my outgoing flight. I had no way to contact yall, so I need to schedule a new flight please
I was snowed in for 4 days.
I missed my outgoing flight.
I had no way to contact yall, so I need to schedule a new flight please
I need a rep please
Anyone here??
Anyone here?
?
Hello Robert. Sorry for the wait. I will be able to assist you with this.
Hello Robert.
Sorry for the wait.
I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with the details of the flight you missed?
It was to Margaretta, OH and suppose to fly out at 8pm monday
This is really going slow. Are you having trouble on your end?
This is really going slow.
Are you having trouble on your end?
Sorry for making you wait. I was just verifying your flight.
Sorry for making you wait.
I was just verifying your flight.
Oh ok that's fine
It seems it was canceled and thus I will be able to booked you a new flight free of charge.
Awesome!
I have two available flight, both for tonight one at 9p and the other at 10p.
Would either of these work for you?
9pm will be good
9pm will be good
Great, I have booked your tickets, you should be receiving them via email now.
Awesome thanks
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all thanks
Great, in that case. I hope you have a great day.
Great, in that case.
I hope you have a great day.
Hi. I just moved to 4972 Tyler avenue, Miami Fl 33179 and need to have my cable installed
Hi.
I just moved to 4972 Tyler avenue, Miami Fl 33179 and need to have my cable installed
Hey Dannie, I will be able to assist you with this.
Standby while I update you address and also check that we do service your new address.
Anyone there?
You address is serviceable.  The earliest appointment  I have is for 14 April between 11a and 2p? Would this work for you?
You address is serviceable.
The earliest appointment  I have is for 14 April between 11a and 2p?
Would this work for you?
I can make that work. Thank you.
I can make that work.
Thank you.
Thank you, let me schedule the appointment for you.
Okay
Ok your appointment has been scheduled.
Great
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks
No.
Thanks
It was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a good day further.
Hi my cellphone service stopped working. Could you check what the problem can be?
Hi my cellphone service stopped working.
Could you check what the problem can be?
Hey Robert, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Sure
7023425531
Thank you, standby while I pull up your information.
Ok
OK it seems your last payment was declined by the bank.
What? Really? I was not aware of my declined payment
What?
Really?
I was not aware of my declined payment
Lemme check my bank acct
Ahh yeah, I see it. I'm sorry. All this problem was caused by me.
Ahh yeah, I see it.
I'm sorry.
All this problem was caused by me.
No problem sir, if you would like I can try to re bill the card information which I have on the system?
Yes please try
Standby while I do so.
Ok
Ok the transaction was successful. Your service should be active within the next 15min.
Ok the transaction was successful.
Your service should be active within the next 15min.
What a relief
Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
Nope, you helped a lot
Was my pleasure. Have a good day.
Was my pleasure.
Have a good day.
hi there, I recently moved into a new apartment and I'd like to update my address and order new installation
Hey Kevin, I will be able to help you with this. Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
Hey Kevin, I will be able to help you with this.
Could you please provide me with the details of your new address?
2794 conaway st Bloomington IN 47408
Thank let me update your address and ensure we can service the new address.
OK we do service this address, the earliest appointment which I can schedule is for the 15 April  between 3p and 5p?
does this work for you ?
that works for me
Great, I have confirmed the appointment.
awesome!
is there anything else which I can assist you with ?
nope!
thanks !
Thank you for your time.
Was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day
Was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a good day
I had placed an online order for a new modem but when I got home there was a notice that my modem was left at my front door. I specifically placed the order REQUIRING a signature upon delivery. Where is the modem?
I had placed an online order for a new modem but when I got home there was a notice that my modem was left at my front door.
I specifically placed the order REQUIRING a signature upon delivery.
Where is the modem?
It wasn't left at my front door
Hi. I will be able to assist you!
Hi.
I will be able to assist you!
Can I place you on hold?
Yes
Not a problem
Can you provide me with your name and address
Jonathan M. Schatz. 1704 Hidden Valley Road, Harrissburg, PA 17101
Jonathan M. Schatz.
1704 Hidden Valley Road, Harrissburg, PA 17101
Thank you
You're welcome. So do you know where my modem is then?
You're welcome.
So do you know where my modem is then?
I am looking it up for you
Your address matches our records.
Ok....
I have to create a ticket to investigate your missing package
This process takes about 24 hours to complete
oh ok
I have made the notation on your account
ok. So now what do I do?
ok.
So now what do I do?
are you there?
Hello?
?
You do not have to do anythinf
anything.
I took care of all of it
Ok. Bye
Was there anything else I could help you with?
No
Thank you for being patient with us. I am going to place an $100 credit on your account
Thank you for being patient with us.
I am going to place an $100 credit on your account
Nice!  Thank you very much
Nice!
Thank you very much
This credit will appear on your statement tomorrow
thanks again
You have been loyal to us and this is our way of saying Thank YOu
:)
You are welcome. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
You are welcome.
Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem. Earlier today while I was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door. On arriving home my package was missing. I have looked online and saw that I explicitly said they require a signature while delivering the package. I would like you to help me on this.
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem.
Earlier today while I was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door.
On arriving home my package was missing.
I have looked online and saw that I explicitly said they require a signature while delivering the package.
I would like you to help me on this.
My order number is 6373737
Please can you help me fast
?
Thank you for holding!
I will be happy to assist you
Thank you
Do you need any information?
Can you verify your name and address please?
My name is Kevin eddy and my address is 2794 conaway street Bloomington IN 47408
Thank you
I have located your records . I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
I have located your records .
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
Ok
This normally takes up to 24 hours to resolve
Ok thanks
Is there anything I have to do?
Everything is all set as I have created the ticket.
You are very welcome.
Great
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
Just turned on TV and none of my channels are working
Just says no signal
Hello?
Hi. Thank you for your patience. I will be happy to assist you
Hi.
Thank you for your patience.
I will be happy to assist you
Ok np
Please provide me with your address and phone number?
3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
Acct number is 3141781
Phone is 571-893-6478
Thank you!
I am checking your account
Thanks
Had perfect tv reception last night
When did the problem begin?
Just noticed it today
When i turned the tv on
Ok, thank you
Have you tried rebooting the modem?
No
Will try anything once
Ok I will hold while you restart the modem.
Doing that now
Ok
I think that worked!
Seems like everything's back!
perfect!
I am happy!
That trick works everytime!
Thanks
You are very welcome!
Appreciate it
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope
Ok great, have an amazing rest of your day!
Thanks
Hello, none of my cable channels are working. Could You let me know what the problem is?
Hello, none of my cable channels are working.
Could You let me know what the problem is?
I would like to know what the issue is
Hi I can assist you. Thank you for holding.
Hi I can assist you.
Thank you for holding.
What is the problem
I've been waiting for about 25 minutes
Can you provide your address?
I am very sorry for the wait . I apologize for the inconvenience.
I am very sorry for the wait .
I apologize for the inconvenience.
2794 Conaway street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you for providing this information. When did your cable service stop working?
Thank you for providing this information.
When did your cable service stop working?
Today
Have you tried restarting the modem?
Yes I have tried that
Does the problem still persist/
Yes I still don't have any channels could I get a technician out here?
This has been nearly an hour so far. This is unacceptable. Get me a technician out here and give me an appointment and end this please.
This has been nearly an hour so far.
This is unacceptable.
Get me a technician out here and give me an appointment and end this please.
I am very sorry for the long wait
We are experiencing connection issues; however our tech team is working on the issue now
In regards to your modem, have you tries resetting the modem? This usually clears up the connection issue that you are experiencing.
In regards to your modem, have you tries resetting the modem?
This usually clears up the connection issue that you are experiencing.
Hello. Yes I have just rest it again and it cleared up the issue. The channels are working now!
Hello.
Yes I have just rest it again and it cleared up the issue.
The channels are working now!
It is taken care of thank you!
Perfect!
Works every time!
I am pleased.
Could we end this now because it is resolved
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No!
Ok awesome. Thank you for your time. For your patience, I am putting a credit on your account for $150
Ok awesome.
Thank you for your time.
For your patience, I am putting a credit on your account for $150
Okay thank you very much!
You are very welcome. My pleasure!
You are very welcome.
My pleasure!
Well you enjoy the rest of your day!
Happy watching!
I just moved to a new apartment. I need to have a tech come out to install my cable internet at my new home.
I just moved to a new apartment.
I need to have a tech come out to install my cable internet at my new home.
I obviously need to update the address on file so the tech knows where I live now.
Hey Nancy, I will be happy to assist you with this. Could you provide me with your new address details?
Hey Nancy, I will be happy to assist you with this.
Could you provide me with your new address details?
My new address is 4216 Traction Street, Spartanburg pa 17101
Thank you standby while I update your address and ensure we can service your new address.
Thanks.
OK, your information has been updated and we do service your new address.
The earliest appointment which I can book is for the 15 April between 3p-6p, would this work for you?
That would be great.
Let me schedule this appointment for you.
Great. Your appointment has been booked.
Great.
Your appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with today?
Wonderful. Thanks. That should do it.
Wonderful.
Thanks.
That should do it.
Thank you, was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day.
Thank you, was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a great day.
Hi. My cable has been out for the past hour
Hi.
My cable has been out for the past hour
Hi, thank you for holding.  I will be happy to assist you!
Hi, thank you for holding.
I will be happy to assist you!
Can you provide your full name on the account as well as your address
Josh Smith. 46 Querbes Ct. Shreveport LA 71106
Josh Smith.
46 Querbes Ct. Shreveport LA 71106
Thank you
I have your account pulled up
Ok
When did the problem begin?
Ok
Today. An hour ago
Today.
An hour ago
Thank you
Have you tried restarting the modem?
Yes. Four times
Yes.
Four times
And the problem still persists?
Yes
I am going to put in a technical support ticket to investigate the issue that you are experiencing!
Ok
I have created the ticket
Thank you
You are all set. We will contact you within 2 hours with an update
You are all set.
We will contact you within 2 hours with an update
Thank you
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else we can help you with today?
That's it
ok enjoy the rest of your day!
I recently ordered a modem and it was shipped and it said it was relieved but it seems to have been stolen from my front door. But I said I wanted to sign for the modem but that didn't happen. Do you guys know who may have signed my name and if so that wasn't me and I need a new modem to be delivered
I recently ordered a modem and it was shipped and it said it was relieved but it seems to have been stolen from my front door.
But I said I wanted to sign for the modem but that didn't happen.
Do you guys know who may have signed my name and if so that wasn't me and I need a new modem to be delivered
Hey Patricia, I am sorry to hear about your modem. Let me see what I can do to help you.
Hey Patricia, I am sorry to hear about your modem.
Let me see what I can do to help you.
Could you please provide me with your order number?
4587297
Thank you, standby while I pull up the information and investigate what is going on.
Cool
OK it seem the system claims the package was delivered, have you verified that the agent has not left a note on your premises?
There is no note. I'm assuming the package was left but it was stolen from I front of my house
There is no note.
I'm assuming the package was left but it was stolen from I front of my house
OK Patricia,  What I am gonna need to do is, create a ticket for further investigation. A agent will then determine what has happened to your package and will inform your on what action we are going to take. This process normally take around 24 hours.
OK Patricia,  What I am gonna need to do is, create a ticket for further investigation.
A agent will then determine what has happened to your package and will inform your on what action we are going to take.
This process normally take around 24 hours.
8989
That's my ticket number
Thank you, will will include this in the ticket for further investigation.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you in the mean time?
Nope all set
Thank you. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Hi acme, I bought a new internet modem and it said it was delivered but the package was missing when I got home. I asked for a required signature upon delivery. Can you help me find out what happened to my package?
Hi acme, I bought a new internet modem and it said it was delivered but the package was missing when I got home.
I asked for a required signature upon delivery.
Can you help me find out what happened to my package?
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear that your modem is missing. Let me assist you with finding your modem. Could you please provide me with your order number?
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear that your modem is missing.
Let me assist you with finding your modem.
Could you please provide me with your order number?
6679282
Thank you, standby while I pull up the information and investigate what is going on.
Ok
OK it seem the system claims the package was delivered, have you verified that the agent has not left a note on your premises?
Yes there was not a note
OK Kevin, What I am gonna need to do is, create a ticket for further investigation. A agent will then determine what has happened to your package and will inform your on what action we are going to take. This process normally take around 24 hours.
OK Kevin, What I am gonna need to do is, create a ticket for further investigation.
A agent will then determine what has happened to your package and will inform your on what action we are going to take.
This process normally take around 24 hours.
Ok no problem
OK your ticket has been created. Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
OK your ticket has been created.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
No thanks
It was a pleasure assisting you.
have a good day.
You too
Hello, I just recently moved to a new apartment and I wanted to update my address in the system and get cabling installed here. Can you help me?
Hello, I just recently moved to a new apartment and I wanted to update my address in the system and get cabling installed here.
Can you help me?
Hey Kevin, I will be able to assist you with this. Could you pleasure provide me with your new address details?
Hey Kevin, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you pleasure provide me with your new address details?
Sure thing
My new address is 2794 Conway Street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you let me update this information on our system.
Okay, take your time
Thank you for your patients. Your information has been updated. I am also able to service your address.
Thank you for your patients.
Your information has been updated.
I am also able to service your address.
The earliest appointment which I can book is for the 16 April between 3-5P
does this work for you?
That's great, I think I'll be home then. If not, I'll call and reschedule
That's great, I think I'll be home then.
If not, I'll call and reschedule
Great. Your appointment has been booked.
Great.
Your appointment has been booked.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you for your help!
No, that is all.
Thank you for your help!
Was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day.
Was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a great day.
Hi my cable has stopped working. Need to see why please
Hi my cable has stopped working.
Need to see why please
Hello?
Hello Robert, I can help you with that.
could you please provide me with your account number or cellphone number associated with that account
5126978211
great let me pull up your account
Ok
I have your account open . It seems that you have not paid you billed for this pay period
I have your account open .
It seems that you have not paid you billed for this pay period
Dang I guess I forgot. Ok run my card you have please
Dang I guess I forgot.
Ok run my card you have please
sure I can do that for you. Would you like me to use the same card that is associated with your account?
sure I can do that for you.
Would you like me to use the same card that is associated with your account?
If the card ending in 12345 is the card you like us to sue then we would be happy to use that to update your bill
Yes that's it
Great let em put that though and give you a confirmation number for you to have.
Your payment has gone through correctly.   Your confirmation number is 123455.
Your payment has gone through correctly.
Your confirmation number is 123455.
Awesome thanks
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
That's all
Great thank you for calling ACME.  Have a great day!
Great thank you for calling ACME.
Have a great day!
You too
Hi
I was supposed to receive my modem today and i requested to sign for it
Now I'm home and I don't have my package
Even though I was notified it arrived today
Hello?
Hi Kevin , I can help you with that today
Hello?
what is your account number or cellphone number associated with your account
Hello?
Ok yes
8651234568
Great let me pull your information up in my system
Ok thanks
can you verify your address in our system
can you verify your address in our system
Yes
2794 Conaway street Bloomington IN 47408
well the problem is the package was sent to 2749 Conway.  I can have that updated and see if we can track the package to get it back to you.  Please hold for one second while I look up your package.
well the problem is the package was sent to 2749 Conway.
I can have that updated and see if we can track the package to get it back to you.
Please hold for one second while I look up your package.
Ok
The tracking number ends in 12345 and its seems that it has been returned to the local USPS.  I'll have the package resent tomorrow to the correct address.
The tracking number ends in 12345 and its seems that it has been returned to the local USPS.
I'll have the package resent tomorrow to the correct address.
Ok
Thanks
is there anything else I can help you with today
No
Thanks
Bye
great thank you for calling ACME and look forward hearing from you again.
Take care
hi there, my cellphone service isn't working correctly, but I am connected to wifi, can you help?
Hey Kevin, Sorry for the wait.
Let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
4202473659
Thank you, standby while I update the system with your information.
I mean while I investigate.
It seems your last payment was declined by the bank.
can you re bill it?
Sure thing, let me try and re the payment information which we have on our records.
OK, the transaction was successful.
Your service should be active within the next 10-15min.
great
thabks
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
nope!  thabks
nope!
thabks
Was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.
Was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a good day.
My cell service has cut out. I am using wifi to make this service request
My cell service has cut out.
I am using wifi to make this service request
Hey Dannie, Sorry for the wait.
Let me assist you with this. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
Let me assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number?
2315647890
Thank you, standby while I investigate what is going on.
Okay
It seems your last payment was declined by the bank.
That shouldn't be. I have plenty in that account
That shouldn't be.
I have plenty in that account
There are multiple reasons for this happening. What I can do is try and re bill your payment information and see if it is successful.
There are multiple reasons for this happening.
What I can do is try and re bill your payment information and see if it is successful.
Please do
OK, the transaction was successful.
Your service should be active within the next 10-15min.
Perfect
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. Thank you
No.
Thank you
It was a pleasure assisting you, hope you have a good day further.
Hi. I recently ordered a modem online. I got a message saying they delivered my modem but when I came home, it was not there. What I don't understand is why did they deliver it without a signature? I requested a signature upon delivery!
Hi.
I recently ordered a modem online.
I got a message saying they delivered my modem but when I came home, it was not there.
What I don't understand is why did they deliver it without a signature?
I requested a signature upon delivery!
Hey Robert. I am sorry to hear about package going missing . Could your provide me with your order number so that I can look what is going on from my side?
Hey Robert.
I am sorry to hear about package going missing .
Could your provide me with your order number so that I can look what is going on from my side?
Yes it's R65478907
Thank you, let me have a quick  look if I seem something weird...
Ok please do
OK, I do not know what is going on. I believe the agent must have made a mistake. Just to verify there is no note on your premises?
OK, I do not know what is going on.
I believe the agent must have made a mistake.
Just to verify there is no note on your premises?
No note at all
I really need that modem
I understand. unfortunately what I am gonna need to do is create a ticket for further investigation. An agent will contact you and let you know of the outcome and what actions we will take.
I understand.
unfortunately what I am gonna need to do is create a ticket for further investigation.
An agent will contact you and let you know of the outcome and what actions we will take.
This process normally take 24 hours to complete.
I do apologize for this
If that is the procedure then I have no choice but to comply
Thank you for understanding, the ticket has been generated.
Ok
Is there anything else I can assist you with in the mean time?
No, nothing now at the moment
It was a pleasure assisting you, I hope you have a good day further.
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight. The resort had no external mean of communication and I was unable to notify the airline. I just arrived in the town and would like to know when the next flight is?
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I missed my return flight.
The resort had no external mean of communication and I was unable to notify the airline.
I just arrived in the town and would like to know when the next flight is?
The return flight was from Alaska to Bloomington and flight number is 736363838
Can you help me with this ?
Hey Kevin, thank you for this information. I am sorry for the wait. Let me assist you with returning home as soon as possible.
Hey Kevin, thank you for this information.
I am sorry for the wait.
Let me assist you with returning home as soon as possible.
Thank you
When is the next flight ?
OK it seems the original flight which you missed was canceled due to bad weather. I will thus be able to book you new tickets free of charge.
OK it seems the original flight which you missed was canceled due to bad weather.
I will thus be able to book you new tickets free of charge.
Thank you so much
The next available flight I have are for tonight at 8p and 11p
would either of these work for you?
Yes they will
You can book anyone
How does the 8p flight sound? That will mean you get home sooner?
How does the 8p flight sound?
That will mean you get home sooner?
Yes it will
Please book a ticket in that flight
Your ticket has been booked. You should have received the information via email.
Your ticket has been booked.
You should have received the information via email.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all
Thank you
Hello, I just noticed that my service for my phone is not working anymore. My wifi works just fine, but nothing loads when I am not on wifi. Can you help me with this problem?
Hello, I just noticed that my service for my phone is not working anymore.
My wifi works just fine, but nothing loads when I am not on wifi.
Can you help me with this problem?
Hi I can help you.
I am sorry to hear of your phone issue. Can you provide me with your phone number and address?
I am sorry to hear of your phone issue.
Can you provide me with your phone number and address?
My phone number is 980-224-8442 and my address is 2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you
I see here that for some reason the payment was declined by the bank
I will attempt to recharge the card
Do I have your permission to run the card again?
Hmm..that is strange. You can charge my card again
Hmm..that is strange.
You can charge my card again
I have some good news
The payment now went through
I knew this would work. Service will be restored back to normal in 10 minutes
I knew this would work.
Service will be restored back to normal in 10 minutes
That's great! I'll check back if I have any more problems with it
That's great!
I'll check back if I have any more problems with it
Most certainly but I ensure your service will work properly from now on in
Okay, thank you very much
you are very welcome. Was there anything I could help you with today?
you are very welcome.
Was there anything I could help you with today?
No, that is all I needed help with. Thank you for your help
No, that is all I needed help with.
Thank you for your help
ok great, have an amazing day!
This weather is ridiculous.. I am stuck at a resort in Minnesota because of snow! I missed my return flight to PA and had no way to contact Southwest Airlines.
This weather is ridiculous..
I am stuck at a resort in Minnesota because of snow!
I missed my return flight to PA and had no way to contact Southwest Airlines.
I just got back in town and need to find out when the next flight from Minneapolis, MN to Harrisburg, PA is. I need to catch one fast
I just got back in town and need to find out when the next flight from Minneapolis, MN to Harrisburg, PA is.
I need to catch one fast
Can you please look it up for me and tell me?
I recently moved to a new apartment. I need to update my address and have someone come out to do an installation....I don't think my new place has the right cables, though
I recently moved to a new apartment.
I need to update my address and have someone come out to do an installation....I don't think my new place has the right cables, though
Hello?
Hello William, my name is Bob with ACME.  I can help you with this
Hello William, my name is Bob with ACME.
I can help you with this
What is your account number associated with your old account
Hello? William?
Hello?
William?
William?
Acme, I got snowed in at a resort and missed my return flight home. I was unable to let the airline know. I just got into town and need to contact the airline and let them know what happened, and need to see when the next available flights are
Acme, I got snowed in at a resort and missed my return flight home.
I was unable to let the airline know.
I just got into town and need to contact the airline and let them know what happened, and need to see when the next available flights are
Hi Kevin, that is terrible news.  I can help you with that.
Hi Kevin, that is terrible news.
I can help you with that.
Great
Please send me the confirmation number form your preexisting flight number your were supposed to be on
337789
Great, thank you.  Please give me a second to look up that flight and see how we can get you home.
Great, thank you.
Please give me a second to look up that flight and see how we can get you home.
I have to options for you to consider to get home today.
First Flight is leaving at 4pm and arriving at BWI tomorrow morning at 9am.
the other flight is leaving at 6 and landing at BWI at 0000 tonight
which option do you think works best for you?
I think the 6 is best
Great.  Please let me update your travel arrangements and give you a confirmation number
Great.
Please let me update your travel arrangements and give you a confirmation number
Ok
All set.  You will be flying out of Place X and arriving at BWI at 0000, tonight.  Your confirmation number is the following: MMMM123456
All set.
You will be flying out of Place X and arriving at BWI at 0000, tonight.
Your confirmation number is the following: MMMM123456
Awesome thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
Thank you Kevin and safe travels.
Good bye
Bye
I'm not getting any cell service right now. Obviously, I have wifi right now, but I can't make calls or use my data plan.
I'm not getting any cell service right now.
Obviously, I have wifi right now, but I can't make calls or use my data plan.
Hey Nancy, Let me assist you with this. I am sorry for the wait. Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can look what is going on?
Hey Nancy, Let me assist you with this.
I am sorry for the wait.
Could you please provide me with your cellphone number so that I can look what is going on?
My number is 552-553-5545
Thank you for this, let me have a look what is causing the problem.
Thanks.
It seems the last payment was declined by the bank.
That shouldn't have happened. I know I have enough money in the account. Could you try running it again?
That shouldn't have happened.
I know I have enough money in the account.
Could you try running it again?
Sure thing, let me do this now for you.
OK the transaction was successful.
You account should be active within the next 15min
Great, thanks!
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
That'll be it, thanks.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day further.
It was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a great day further.
I was snowed in and recently missed my flight. This is the first time in getting to use outside communication because all the lines were out. What is the next  flight out?
I was snowed in and recently missed my flight.
This is the first time in getting to use outside communication because all the lines were out.
What is the next  flight out?
Is there anybody there?
Hey Patricia, I am sorry for the wait, especially considering that you were snowed in prior to this. Let me help you return home promptly.
Hey Patricia, I am sorry for the wait, especially considering that you were snowed in prior to this.
Let me help you return home promptly.
Hey Patricia, are you there?
Yep
Could you please provide me with your missed flight details?
2pm flight out of aspen
Thank you for providing me with this.
The earliest flights I have available is tonight at 9:30p and 11:15p
would either of these work for you?
That would work perfectly for me
The 9:30p flight?
Yep that works
OK your tickets have been booked. You will receive them via email.
OK your tickets have been booked.
You will receive them via email.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope all set
Enjoy your flight home.
Thank you
Safe travels. Have a good day
Safe travels.
Have a good day
Hi
I'm not happy with the cell phone coverage I have
Calls drop
Service is bad
I would like to end my contact
Unless you can give me a deal
Hello?
Hello Kevin, I am sorry for the wait.
I am sorry to hear that you are unable with our service.  Is there nothing I can do to try and help improve your experience?
I am sorry to hear that you are unable with our service.
Is there nothing I can do to try and help improve your experience?
Cut me a deal
:)
What if i give you 10% and 2gb of fast data for the remainder of your contact?
Great
Thank
You
I have updated your account details. How is your service at your house? I can also provide you with a signal booster which will help improve your reception at your house.
I have updated your account details.
How is your service at your house?
I can also provide you with a signal booster which will help improve your reception at your house.
Ok
OK one moment while I order a new signal booster for you.
Thanks
OK it have been ordered.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
No
Thanks
Bye
Hi. Please cancel my cell contract. Had enough of the constant dropped calls
Hi.
Please cancel my cell contract.
Had enough of the constant dropped calls
Hey Josh, I am sorry for the wait
I am sorry to hear that you are unable with our service. Is there nothing I can do to try and help improve your experience?
I am sorry to hear that you are unable with our service.
Is there nothing I can do to try and help improve your experience?
Well unless you can build a tower closer to my home I don't think so
I could provide you with a signal booster for your house?
This will allow you to have full signal in and around your house.
Ok I guess I can try that
Sure, let me place a order for you signal booster. It should be delivered within the next 3-4 business days.
Sure, let me place a order for you signal booster.
It should be delivered within the next 3-4 business days.
OK your signal booster has been ordered.
Great
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's it
I hope your reception problem is solved.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day.
It was a pleasure assisting you.
Have a great day.
Hi. I would like to cancel my phone contract. Too many dropped calls
Hi.
I would like to cancel my phone contract.
Too many dropped calls
Too expensive
And I lost service for a day last month due to an ACME billing error
Willing to pay buyout to switch
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear about the problems you have been experiencing.
Has been a problem
Is there nothing I can do to try and improve the experience you are getting?
I don't know what you're able to do
A couple of carriers have offers to help buy out contracts
So was thinking of doing that
What if I drop or try and match the other carriers prices?
It would be a 25% reduction for length of contract
To match
I will need to verify with my supervisor if that is possible.
Ok
Alternatively what if I offered your 10% off and gave you additional 2gb of fast data per month?
Ok
That's acceptable
Great, I will definitely be able to offer you this. One moment while I just alter your account details.
Great, I will definitely be able to offer you this.
One moment while I just alter your account details.
Ok
OK your account has been updated.
Thanks
Is there any specific problem in our service which I could try and help fix?
How is the reception at your house?
It's fine mostly.
At work is sometimes a Robles
Problem
If you provide me with your works zip code I will be sure to send a technical staff to improve the performance.
20173
Thank you, let me just create the ticket to improve that for you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
In that case I hope you have a great day further.
I was stuck at a resort in Minnesota and just got back to town. The resort didn't have any way of communicating with you guys. Long story short I missed my flight and need to know when the next available ACME flights are from Minneapolis, Minnesota to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
I was stuck at a resort in Minnesota and just got back to town.
The resort didn't have any way of communicating with you guys.
Long story short I missed my flight and need to know when the next available ACME flights are from Minneapolis, Minnesota to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Hi I will be happy to assist you
Can you provide me with the flight details such as time, date and destination please?
Hi Jonathan, are you still there? Did we lose connection?
Hi Jonathan, are you still there?
Did we lose connection?
Do I need to retype my question?
Please help
No you do not need to. I see that you missed your flght.
No you do not need to.
I see that you missed your flght.
Can you provide me with the flight details such as time, date and destination please?
Yes
Give me one moment
I don't have the flight details with me. I just need to know upcoming flights from Minneapolis, MN to Pittsburgh, PA
I don't have the flight details with me.
I just need to know upcoming flights from Minneapolis, MN to Pittsburgh, PA
For today
Hi I will be more than happy to help you on this?
What is your flight details?
They are packed in my bag.  You already told me you see I missed my flight so you know the details.
They are packed in my bag.
You already told me you see I missed my flight so you know the details.
I need flights please. ASAP
I need flights please.
ASAP
I grabbed the tickets from my bag. It was a 6:30 a.m flight from Minneapolis, MN to Pittsburgh, PA booked for today
I grabbed the tickets from my bag.
It was a 6:30 a.m flight from Minneapolis, MN to Pittsburgh, PA booked for today
What other flight options do I have?
Did I lose you?
?
I will book you on the next flight out tomorrow morning
There is a flight leaving at 830A
Does this work for you
Yes. That's perfect thank you!
Yes.
That's perfect thank you!
awesome!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No Thank you for all of your help
awesome great!
have a good day!
None of my Tv channel are working. I would like you to help me on this.
None of my Tv channel are working.
I would like you to help me on this.
The problem started 2 days ago
Hi I will be happy to assist you with this
Ok
What is your address and phone number?
My address is 2794 conaway street Bloomington IN 47408 and my phone number is 6735469756
Thank you for providing this information
When did the problem begin?
2 days ago
Ok
Have you tried to restart the modem?
This could clear up the problem
I just did it and it worked
Thank you
perfect!
Ya
Is there any of concern of yours?
No that will be all
ok perfect, enjoy the rest of your day!
I ordered a cable modem from Acme and requested that a signature was required for delivery. Apparently it was delivered to my home while I was at work and it was not here when I got home
I ordered a cable modem from Acme and requested that a signature was required for delivery.
Apparently it was delivered to my home while I was at work and it was not here when I got home
Hi Dannie, sorry to hear that.  My name is Bob from ACME and I would be happy to help you make sure this doesn't happen again.
Hi Dannie, sorry to hear that.
My name is Bob from ACME and I would be happy to help you make sure this doesn't happen again.
Ty
What is your account number associated with your account
346782650
Great thank you.  Please let me pull up your account information.  Standby.
Great thank you.
Please let me pull up your account information.
Standby.
Okay
I do see that you requested a signature when delivering the package.  I'm not sure why this was still delivered.
I do see that you requested a signature when delivering the package.
I'm not sure why this was still delivered.
I would just like a replacement sent with expedited shipping, please
I will add a note to your account to make sure this doesn't happen again.  No problem.  Please give me a second while arrange the second package for you.
I will add a note to your account to make sure this doesn't happen again.
No problem.
Please give me a second while arrange the second package for you.
Thanks
All set. I added the note about requiring a signature for delivery and processed the second package to be sent to you expedited free of charge.
All set.
I added the note about requiring a signature for delivery and processed the second package to be sent to you expedited free of charge.
Perfect
In a second I will provide a confirmation number you will need to keep for your records.
Here is your confirmation number: aklasdfhjsl12341234.  Please keep this number for your records.
Here is your confirmation number: aklasdfhjsl12341234.
Please keep this number for your records.
Got it
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that does it
Great,  thank you for calling ACME and have a wonderful day!
I ordered a new modem and got the tracking notice that it was delivered today. But when I got home from work I don't see it.
I ordered a new modem and got the tracking notice that it was delivered today.
But when I got home from work I don't see it.
Hi I will be happy to help you
Ok thanks
What is your address and phone number?
153 Greene st charlotte NC 16262 677-686-6746
Did you find it?
I am still looking over your account notes
I am sorry for the wait.
I am making a notation that you did not sign for the package.
Ok
I created your ticket
Then someone will call me?
Yes within 24 hours
If not, please contact us
Ok
Now that I have taken care of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all
ok great, have a good day!
Hi I missed my return flight due to weather problems. I could not inform the airlines. Can you help me rebook a flight?
Hi I missed my return flight due to weather problems.
I could not inform the airlines.
Can you help me rebook a flight?
Hi I will be happy to assist you

Can you provide me with the flight details such as time, date and destination pleas
I was suppose to leave 9am, on April 9, 2015. Headed to Las Vegas.
I was suppose to leave 9am, on April 9, 2015.
Headed to Las Vegas.
I do see that your flight was cancelled
Ok
Can i get it rebooked to the soonest date possible ?
I will rebook you free of charge
Great
I have a flight leaving tomorrow at 10p or Sunday at 1p, Which time works for you?
Tomorrow at 10p will benefit me more
Ok perfect. I am going to email you all the flight details to you.
Ok perfect.
I am going to email you all the flight details to you.
You will receive them shortly.
Thank you
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, thank you again
ok perfect , Thank you for choosing ACME! You have a wonderful day!
ok perfect , Thank you for choosing ACME!
You have a wonderful day!
Hi so since I've been with acme I've had bad service,my calls drop, I'm paying too much and yall once cut off service without telling me... I would like to cancel my cell service
Hi so since I've been with acme I've had bad service,my calls drop, I'm paying too much and yall once cut off service without telling me...
I would like to cancel my cell service
You there?
Need a rep pls
.......
I will be happy to help you.
What is your cell phone number?
5126978211
Thank you
I see you have been a customer for the last 5 years
I would like to offer you an incentive to remain with us
I am very sorry to hear of your unhappiness.
I would like to offer you 35% off for 7 months and ill give you a signal booster free of charge. The signal booster retails for $495
I would like to offer you 35% off for 7 months and ill give you a signal booster free of charge.
The signal booster retails for $495
I can do 40% that is what I could do to stay on
Perfect, just for you, I will throw in 50%
That's awesome thanks
perfect!
I am hapy
happy*
Im so excited I cannot even type. :-)
Im so excited I cannot even type.
:-)
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Haha no no that's all thanks
Ok great have a good day!
Hello, I ordered a modem a little while ago and I think my package is missing. I got an email notice while I was at work saying that it was delivered to my front door but it was not there when I got home. Can you help me with this?
Hello, I ordered a modem a little while ago and I think my package is missing.
I got an email notice while I was at work saying that it was delivered to my front door but it was not there when I got home.
Can you help me with this?
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry to hear that.  My name is Bob from ACME and I would be happy to help you with that.  Please give me the phone number associated with your account.
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry to hear that.
My name is Bob from ACME and I would be happy to help you with that.
Please give me the phone number associated with your account.
My phone number is 980-224-8442
Great thanks, I have pulled up your account and I need to verify a couple of information with you.  What is your mother;s maiden name?
Great thanks, I have pulled up your account and I need to verify a couple of information with you.
What is your mother;s maiden name?
My mothers maiden name is Stone.
Great.   I'm looking at you account and it does show that modem was delivered today at 1100.  I do see a problem, the delivery confirmation states that the delivery was made to an address not posted on your account.
Great.
I'm looking at you account and it does show that modem was delivered today at 1100.
I do see a problem, the delivery confirmation states that the delivery was made to an address not posted on your account.
The delivery was sent to you address 467 Broadway not 476 Broadway that you have on you account.  Please give me a second to update this and get a modem out to you as soon as possible.
The delivery was sent to you address 467 Broadway not 476 Broadway that you have on you account.
Please give me a second to update this and get a modem out to you as soon as possible.
While I compile the order to your correct address, would like like to add a feature to request a signature apon delivery?
Okay, I'm guessing I don't have to worry about the first modem that is in limbo?
Sure, that would be great. Thanks
Sure, that would be great.
Thanks
No we will have our team go and retrieve the modem delivered to the wrong address.
I will add that feature to your account for future orders.  Please give me second to make that adjustment.
I will add that feature to your account for future orders.
Please give me second to make that adjustment.
Okay, take your time
all set.  I will have the new modem sent out to you with expedited shipping, free of charge.
all set.
I will have the new modem sent out to you with expedited shipping, free of charge.
your confirmation number is the following asfasfas1341234.  Please keep this in your records.
your confirmation number is the following asfasfas1341234.
Please keep this in your records.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you very much for your help!
No, that is all.
Thank you very much for your help!
no problem. Have a great day.  Take care and thank you for using ACME.
no problem.
Have a great day.
Take care and thank you for using ACME.
Hey acme, none of my cable channels see to be working. Can you help me fix the problem?
Hey acme, none of my cable channels see to be working.
Can you help me fix the problem?
?
Hey Kevin , I will be able to assist you with this. Could you pleasure provide me with your address so that I can have a look what is going on in the backend.
Hey Kevin , I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you pleasure provide me with your address so that I can have a look what is going on in the backend.
2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN, 47408
Thank you.
While I look, mind trying to force reset your system by pulling out the power cable and putting it back?
I already did and it didn't fix it
OK I am looking at your information. It seems like everything should be working.
OK I am looking at your information.
It seems like everything should be working.
Actually I just tried to again and it seems to be working now
Great,
is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanjs
Everything is good
Have a great day further.
Hello, I would like to cancel my cellular contract. This service is terrible, my calls are dropping, and I am paying way too much money. I would like to know whether I can get a deal and if not I would like to cancel the contract without paying too much money. Thanks
Hello, I would like to cancel my cellular contract.
This service is terrible, my calls are dropping, and I am paying way too much money.
I would like to know whether I can get a deal and if not I would like to cancel the contract without paying too much money.
Thanks
Could I please get this over with soon
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear you are not happy with our service. Is there nothing which I can do to convince you to stay?
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear you are not happy with our service.
Is there nothing which I can do to convince you to stay?
I would like a price decrease on what I am paying.
would a 10% discount work for you ?
Sorry, but for the service problems I have had I need a major discount
I need a 50% discount or you can just cancel my account
I am unable to offer that for you.
Okay can you cancel my account please?
Sure let me process your cancelation order.
Just to confirm to process the cancelation order, it will cost you $360
That is fine
OK your cancelation order has been processed. You will be receiving the information in the mail.
OK your cancelation order has been processed.
You will be receiving the information in the mail.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Sorry to see you leave see, have a good day.
I am tired of your cellular contract and wish to cancel it. The cellular service is bad , calls are dropping, I feel I am paying too much and you once stopped without any prior notice due to billing error on your side. I would like you to help me on this
I am tired of your cellular contract and wish to cancel it.
The cellular service is bad , calls are dropping, I feel I am paying too much and you once stopped without any prior notice due to billing error on your side.
I would like you to help me on this
Can you help me?
?
Hey Kevin, let me help you.
Ok
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
My cellphone number is 647264648263
Thank you.
Sure
So is there anything you can do about it
?
Looking at the system the best I can do is offer you a 20% discount of the remainder of the your cellphone contact.
Ok that will be great
OK let me update you account information.
Thank you
Ok your information has been updated.
Thank you
Is there anything else which I can do to try improve your experience?
No that will be all
Have a great day.
hit there, I recently ordered a new modem and it said it was delivered but when I got home the package was missing
Hi I can process this for you
I pulled up your account
I am making a ticket to investigate the matter. I will have someone contact you in the next 2 hours.
I am making a ticket to investigate the matter.
I will have someone contact you in the next 2 hours.
Will this work for you
can you find out anything now?
I just checked with USPS and your package is en route now
You should receive by end of day today
ok!
thanks!
you are very welcome
Is there anything else I can help you with?
nope!
ok great, have a good day!
Hey none of my cable channels are working. Do you guys know what the problem is
Hey none of my cable channels are working.
Do you guys know what the problem is
Anybody there to help me?
Hi Patricia!
I will be able to help you
Thank you
you are very welcome
I pulled up your account. Have you tried to restart the modem?
I pulled up your account.
Have you tried to restart the modem?
This usually clears up the problem
Yes I have and it still doesn't work
Ok I am going to create a tech support ticket to send out a technician to see if he can resolve this problem
Are you available tomorrow at 10a for a home visit?
Yes I am
perfect! I have set up the appointment
perfect!
I have set up the appointment
You are all set.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
ok great have a good day!
Nope I'm good!
Hi
It's been 3 days since I talked to someone about my missing package
Still haven't heard anything about it
Hello?
Are you there?
Hi I will be able to help you
I pulled up your account by your name
Ok
I see they are still investigating. This will take another 2 hours
I see they are still investigating.
This will take another 2 hours
Can I have your number so I can call you personally?
8651234568
Thank you
I will call you back within the hour to update you on the status of the package
Is there anything else I can help you with today
Ok
No thanks
ok great, have a good day!
I received notice that a package I was waiting for had been delivered, but it wasn't there when I got home. I also noticed it was supposed to require a signature.
I received notice that a package I was waiting for had been delivered, but it wasn't there when I got home.
I also noticed it was supposed to require a signature.
Hi I can help you
I am pulling up your account.
Thanks.
I am creating a ticket to further investigate the matter
since you do not have your package
please hold
Okay.
The ticket has been created
Thanks.
You will get a call from an agent within the hour
Okay, thanks.
Now that I have taken care of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
That'll be it, thanks.
ok great, have a good day!
I just missed my flight and I'd like to get on the next available. My account is DF47389
I just missed my flight and I'd like to get on the next available.
My account is DF47389
Hey Dannie, let me assist you. Could you please provide me with your missed flights details?
Hey Dannie, let me assist you.
Could you please provide me with your missed flights details?
Flying to LA at 8 am
Pulling up the flight details.
K
It seems that flight was canceled.
So I will be able to booked you a new flight free of charge.
What is the next available?
I have two flight available. One at 6p and the other at 8p.
I have two flight available.
One at 6p and the other at 8p.
would either of these help?
6 would be perfect
Great, let me booked you in for this flight and have an email sent with the ticket information.
Thanks
OK done, your should have the ticket in your inbox.
Got it
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No you were a great help
Great, thank you for the compliment. I hope you have a safe trip home.
Great, thank you for the compliment.
I hope you have a safe trip home.
Hello, I have a problem. I am receiving no cable signal. No channels are showing up. Can you help me?
Hello, I have a problem.
I am receiving no cable signal.
No channels are showing up.
Can you help me?
Sure thing Robert. have you tried to restart your system?
Sure thing Robert.
have you tried to restart your system?
What I did was I unplugged my cable box and re plugged but i still don't have cable
OK could you provide me with your residential address so that I can look up what is going on?
671 Langtown road Margaretta OH 44824
OK, standby while I investigate.
Ok
Ok, I am not sure what is causing the problem. Let me create a ticket which for further investigation. A representative will contact you once we are able to establish what is cause the problem.
Ok, I am not sure what is causing the problem.
Let me create a ticket which for further investigation.
A representative will contact you once we are able to establish what is cause the problem.
Ok, do what you have to do to resolve my problem :)
OK, standby while I update you information.
I mean create the ticket.
Sure thing
Ok your ticket has been created.
A representative should be calling you soon.
I'm looking forward to it
Is there anything else I can assist you with in the mean time?
Nope, thank you
None of my channels are working
What could be going on, I know I paid my bill.
Hey Jonathan, have you tried to restart your system?
No. Not yet
No.
Not yet
Let me try that
Still restarting
No problem, let me know when you are ready
It worked! Thank you very much!
It worked!
Thank you very much!
Great news. Hope you enjoy your cable again.
Great news.
Hope you enjoy your cable again.
Thank you
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
In that case I hope you have a great day.
Acme I want to cancel my cell contract. The service is always really bad. You guys have stopped my service once without notice and I'm paying way too much for that. Either cut me a deal or cancel my contract for free
Acme I want to cancel my cell contract.
The service is always really bad.
You guys have stopped my service once without notice and I'm paying way too much for that.
Either cut me a deal or cancel my contract for free
Hi Kevin, I'm sorry to hear that.
My name is Bob from ACME and I can help you with that.
Good
What is your account number or phone number associated with your account
4605803366
Thank you, please give me a second to look at your information.
Ok
ACME truly appreciates your business, please let me bring this to  my manager to see how we can keep you a part of ACME.
I want a good deal
I understand  and we will do whatever we can to get the best deal for you.
My manager has given me permission to offer you a 25% reduction on your monthly bill.  This will drop you payments by $15 a month.  Would this be acceptable for you to stay with us at ACME?
My manager has given me permission to offer you a 25% reduction on your monthly bill.
This will drop you payments by $15 a month.
Would this be acceptable for you to stay with us at ACME?
I suppose so. That's a pretty good deal
I suppose so.
That's a pretty good deal
I guess I will stay if the drop can go into affect asap
Great news!
This will be reflected on  your next billing cycle.  Thank you deciding to stay with us.
This will be reflected on  your next billing cycle.
Thank you deciding to stay with us.
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No thank you
Great, have a great day and thank you for being a valuable member of the ACME family!
I want to cancel my service
Hello Patricia , Sorry to hear that . My name is Jay Kennedy and I will be  happy to help you with that.
Hello Patricia , Sorry to hear that .
My name is Jay Kennedy and I will be  happy to help you with that.
My service is bad. It drops calls a lot
My service is bad.
It drops calls a lot
And I pay to much
Please provide me your account number so I can take a look.
And they once stopped my service and didn't even tell me
My account number it 23456678
Sorry to hear that.  Maybe I can help
Sorry to hear that.
Maybe I can help
I'm just very unhappy.
I either want to cancel or make a deal
I am looking at your account and I will go and speak with my manager to see what we can do to keep you apart of ACME
Thank you
My manager has given me the ability to reduce your monthly plan by 15.00 per month for being a valuable customer.  This would reduce your monthly payments by 25%.  Does that help keep you with us?
My manager has given me the ability to reduce your monthly plan by 15.00 per month for being a valuable customer.
This would reduce your monthly payments by 25%.
Does that help keep you with us?
Yep I actually like that. I think it's worth staying now. I just hope my calls no longer drop
Yep I actually like that.
I think it's worth staying now.
I just hope my calls no longer drop
We are currently upgrading our system to avoid such troubles in the future.
Thanks so much
I have made the arrangements to your account.  You will see the change in your bill on your next billing cycle.
I have made the arrangements to your account.
You will see the change in your bill on your next billing cycle.
Awesome
Thank you for choosing to stay with us.  Is there anything else I can do you for you?
Thank you for choosing to stay with us.
Is there anything else I can do you for you?
Nope all set
Great!
On behalf of ACME we would like to thank you for being such a valuable customer!  Have a great day.
On behalf of ACME we would like to thank you for being such a valuable customer!
Have a great day.
You too
Hello, I have been snowed in at my resort the past couple days and I had no way to communicate and missed my flight yesterday. Can you find me the next available flight for me?
Hello, I have been snowed in at my resort the past couple days and I had no way to communicate and missed my flight yesterday.
Can you find me the next available flight for me?
Hi I will help
I have pulled up your flight details
I can rebook you free of charge
That would be fantastic, thank you
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p.
Does this work for you?
Yes, I can pack up and be out of here by then. That works fine
Yes, I can pack up and be out of here by then.
That works fine
ok great, I will email you all the flight details.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all I needed help with. Thank you
No, that is all I needed help with.
Thank you
ok great. have a safe flight!
ok great.
have a safe flight!
hi there, I missed my flight because I was snowed in, and I couldn't notify the airline. can you find out a replacement flight for me?
hi there, I missed my flight because I was snowed in, and I couldn't notify the airline.
can you find out a replacement flight for me?
Hi I will help

I have pulled up your flight details

I can rebook you free of charge
I am sorry to hear this. The snow has been rather a lot this season
I am sorry to hear this.
The snow has been rather a lot this season
awesome!
yes it has been
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p.
Does this work for you?
that sounds like it should work!
ok great, I will email you all the flight details.

Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great, I will email you all the flight details.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
nope!
ok great have a good day
I was snowed in at my resort and missed my flight yesterday so I need to reschedule it
Hi I will help

I have pulled up your flight details

I can rebook you free of charge
Ok thanks
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p.
Does this work for you?
Yea that will be good
ok great, I will email you all the flight details. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great, I will email you all the flight details.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it
ok great have a good day!
I got snowed in on vacation and missed my flight. This is the first time I've had internet or phone access in days. I need to know about the next available flights, please.
I got snowed in on vacation and missed my flight.
This is the first time I've had internet or phone access in days.
I need to know about the next available flights, please.
Hi I will help I have pulled up your flight details. I can rebook you free of charge
Hi I will help I have pulled up your flight details.
I can rebook you free of charge
Great, thanks.
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p. Does this work for you?
We have a flight leaving later today when the snow clears at 7p.
Does this work for you?
That should work. If the snow gets worse again, what's the next flight after that?
That should work.
If the snow gets worse again, what's the next flight after that?
tomorrow at 8a.
Okay, thanks.
ok great, I will email you all the flight details. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok great, I will email you all the flight details.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing more, thanks.
Ok great, have a safe flight!
I am so mad right now... The cell phone service is so bad it may as we'll be non-existent  I pay way too much for the service that's provided
I am so mad right now...
The cell phone service is so bad it may as we'll be non-existent  I pay way too much for the service that's provided
You guys even shut my service off once due to a billing error on YOUR side. I want to cancel my contract
You guys even shut my service off once due to a billing error on YOUR side.
I want to cancel my contract
Hi Jon. I have pulled up your account
Hi Jon.
I have pulled up your account
Hi
I see you have been a loyal customer for the last 5 years
I would like to offer you a free signal booster and 50% off your bill for 12 months
I will take you up on that offer. Thank you
I will take you up on that offer.
Thank you
You are very welcome.
I am happy!
Me too!
Thank you for choosing ACME. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you for choosing ACME.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No. You have been great!
No.
You have been great!
ok great, Thank you soooo much! I really appreciate that! Have a good day!
ok great, Thank you soooo much!
I really appreciate that!
Have a good day!
Hello, I was just watching tv and my cable dropped out. I wasn't able to resolve the problem by restarting the system. Can you help me with this problem?
Hello, I was just watching tv and my cable dropped out.
I wasn't able to resolve the problem by restarting the system.
Can you help me with this problem?
Yes I can
Have you tried restarting your modem?
Yes, I restarted it a little while ago
Has service restored?
No, the cable still doesn't work
Ok no worries
I have a creating a tech support ticket for you
I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
Okay, that is great, thank you. When can I expect them?
Okay, that is great, thank you.
When can I expect them?
at 6p if that works for you
That works. I will be home then
That works.
I will be home then
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you for your help
No, that is all.
Thank you for your help
great!
Hey. My cable isn't working so I wanted to see what was going on with it
Hey.
My cable isn't working so I wanted to see what was going on with it
Hey Bobby, let me assist you with this.
Can you please provide me with your residential address?
142 pine street Miami FL 32344
Thank you.
Ok first things first. Have you tried to restart you system?
Ok first things first.
Have you tried to restart you system?
I did
And this did not help?
No
OK let me just verify what is going on from my side.
Ok
OK it seems like everything is ok from my side. Let me try and do a line reset from my side. One moment.
OK it seems like everything is ok from my side.
Let me try and do a line reset from my side.
One moment.
Ok it has been reseted, are you channels visible now?
Yea that fixed it. Thanks
Yea that fixed it.
Thanks
Great. I am sorry for the interruption in service.
Great.
I am sorry for the interruption in service.
No worries
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day.
It was a pleasure helping you.
Have a great day.
My cable has been out for the last hour. My account # is 52867649
My cable has been out for the last hour.
My account # is 52867649
Thank you for providing this!
I can help you with this quickly so your back to power
Please restart the modem
Ok. It has rebooted
Ok.
It has rebooted
Has service restored
Yes! I feel stupid
Yes!
I feel stupid
Don't feel stupid at all
It happened to me once
All good!
Thanks. That is all I needed.
Thanks.
That is all I needed.
You're welcome. Well you have a great day!
You're welcome.
Well you have a great day!
hi there, none of my tv channels are working, can you help me out?
Yes I can
I have the perfect solution to this problem
Please restart the modem and tell me if service restores
ok, u restarted, it still doesn't work
Ok no worries.

I have a creating a tech support ticket for you.

I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
Ok no worries.
I have a creating a tech support ticket for you.
I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
great
do you know what time about?
around 6p tonight
great
thanks
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
that works
thank you
Very welcome. Have a great day!
Very welcome.
Have a great day!
My favorite shows are coming on tonight, but my cable box doesn't seem to be working.
Thank you for providing this!

I can help you with this quickly so your back to power

Please restart the modem
Thank you for providing this!
I can help you with this quickly so your back to power

Please restart the modem
I've done that twice already and it hasn't helped.
Ok no worries

I have a creating a tech support ticket for you

I will send out a technician later tonight free of charge
Great. What time will they be here?
Great.
What time will they be here?
What time works for you
Some time before seven would be good.
ok great, 6p.
Okay, that'll work.
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That'll be it. Thanks.
That'll be it.
Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Hi. I'm getting really frustrated with your cellular service. I've been getting drop calls left and right. My service was cut off abruptly without warning. I've been a loyal customer but I'm to a point where I need to decide if staying with this company is beneficial to me or not.
Hi.
I'm getting really frustrated with your cellular service.
I've been getting drop calls left and right.
My service was cut off abruptly without warning.
I've been a loyal customer but I'm to a point where I need to decide if staying with this company is beneficial to me or not.
I can help you
What is your cell phone number?
7023425531
Thank you
I see youve been a loyal customer for 10 years
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off
and a free signal booster
You would do that for me?
Yes, I accept the kind offer
Yes certainly
I am happy
You totally made me forget why I was unhappy
I am so happy I was able to help
Is there anything else I can do for you?
ok great, have a good day!
No you helped me a lot
You too
I have had numerous problems with Acme both with customer service and with cell service. I would like to talk with someone about either discounting my bill or releasing me from my contract. My # is 2315647890
I have had numerous problems with Acme both with customer service and with cell service.
I would like to talk with someone about either discounting my bill or releasing me from my contract.
My # is 2315647890
I  can help you

What is your cell phone number
2315647890
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years.
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off

and a free signal booster
Thank you.
I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years.
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off

and a free signal booster
What would the booster do for me? One of my main problems is dropped calls
What would the booster do for me?
One of my main problems is dropped calls
The booster will fix all your reception issues
Hmm. For all my troubles I would like 30% off for two years
Hmm.
For all my troubles I would like 30% off for two years
I can do 25% off for two years
Would that work?
Actually I spoke tomy manager
We will honor 30% off for two years
Not any different really than your first offer. I'd take the original offer if I will be allowed to discontinue my service at the end of the year without penalty if I am still unhappy
Not any different really than your first offer.
I'd take the original offer if I will be allowed to discontinue my service at the end of the year without penalty if I am still unhappy
Yes absolutely
Ok. Then I am satisfied
Perfect. Another happy customer!
Perfect.
Another happy customer!
I wouldn't go so far as happy. Temporarily appeased
I wouldn't go so far as happy.
Temporarily appeased
Is there anything I can offer to bring you to full happiness?
No. You've done enough. Thank you
No.
You've done enough.
Thank you
You are very welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!
You are very welcome.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
I've been having a lot of problems with my cell service and I want to cancel my contact.
I can help you. What is your cell phone number?
I can help you.
What is your cell phone number?
634-242-3633
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years. Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
Thank you.
I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years.
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
Yea I'm willing to try that
Yay!
Perfect!
Now that makes my day...another happy customer
Cool. So you'll send out the booster?
Cool.
So you'll send out the booster?
I will put the booster in the mail today.
Sounds good. Thanks
Sounds good.
Thanks
You are very welcome!
Now that we took care of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
hi there I wish to cancel my cellular contract
I can help you. What is your cell phone number?
I can help you.
What is your cell phone number?
4202473659
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years. Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
Thank you.
I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years.
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
no thanks I don't like your productive service and wish to cancel
I am sorry to hear this and I want to make sure you are happy at all cost
If you wish to cancel, then there is a $200 cancellation fee since you still have 8 months left on your contract
no thanks.  the service is too bad and you guys messed up the other week with billing and turned my service off
no thanks.
the service is too bad and you guys messed up the other week with billing and turned my service off
that is fine.  I will pay the 200 fee
that is fine.
I will pay the 200 fee
I am sorry to see you leave. I personally am going to speak to my manager to see if there is anything we can do since I completely understand your frustration
I am sorry to see you leave.
I personally am going to speak to my manager to see if there is anything we can do since I completely understand your frustration
no, I'd just like to cancel, the service isn't good enough
Ok, not a problem. I will create a cancel ticket.
Ok, not a problem.
I will create a cancel ticket.
thanks
Service will be deactivated May 1st
great thanks!
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
I need to cancel my cell contract. I can't hear people when I'm talking, calls drop all the time and I've had to deal with billing errors that cut off my service with no warning.
I need to cancel my cell contract.
I can't hear people when I'm talking, calls drop all the time and I've had to deal with billing errors that cut off my service with no warning.
I can help you. What is your cell phone number?
I can help you.
What is your cell phone number?
552-553-5545
Thank you. I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years. Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
Thank you.
I see you've been a loyal customer for 10 years.
Can I offer you 1 year at 50% off and a free signal booster
I'm not sure those boosters work. Can I get some sort of discount on the cancelation fees, because of all this trouble?
I'm not sure those boosters work.
Can I get some sort of discount on the cancelation fees, because of all this trouble?
Yes absolutely
That will be fine
Okay, good.
Great!
I took care of that for you
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks.
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
You are very welcome.
Have a great day!
Hello, I am curious if I can cancel the contract if I have with Acme. I have not been very satisfied with my service recently for multiple reasons and I would like to end it if that is possible
Hello, I am curious if I can cancel the contract if I have with Acme.
I have not been very satisfied with my service recently for multiple reasons and I would like to end it if that is possible
Sure thing Kevin, I will be able to assist you with this. I am sorry to hear you are unhappy with our services.
Sure thing Kevin, I will be able to assist you with this.
I am sorry to hear you are unhappy with our services.
Is there nothing which I can do to try and improve the service or encourage your to stay with us?
It is alright. Is there a buyout fee for my contract?
It is alright.
Is there a buyout fee for my contract?
No, there's multiple reasons Id like to end the contract for. I'd be happy to just terminate the contract
No, there's multiple reasons Id like to end the contract for.
I'd be happy to just terminate the contract
Ok let me have a look what it will cost to get you out of this contract. Taking the the remainder of the 8 month owed on the iPhone and also the cancelation fee. It will work out to roughly $360
Ok let me have a look what it will cost to get you out of this contract.
Taking the the remainder of the 8 month owed on the iPhone and also the cancelation fee.
It will work out to roughly $360
Okay, that price works for me. Can you possibly charge it to my card?
Okay, that price works for me.
Can you possibly charge it to my card?
Sure I can do that for you. Let me process this cancelation order
Sure I can do that for you.
Let me process this cancelation order
Okay, thank you
OK the cancelation order has been processed. You should be receiving all information in the mail.
OK the cancelation order has been processed.
You should be receiving all information in the mail.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Thank you for your help.
No, that is all I needed help with
I hope you have a great day.
Hey, I just moved into a new apartment and I needed cable installed here, can you help me?
HI I will be able to help you.
What is your new address?
4721 Hickory Lane, Hamden, CT 06473
Thank you for providing me with this information. I have just updated your account
Thank you for providing me with this information.
I have just updated your account
Okay, thanks. Can I set up an appointment to get cable installed here?
Okay, thanks.
Can I set up an appointment to get cable installed here?
Yes  I can
My earliest available appointment is tomorrow at 10a
That works for me. I will be home at that time
That works for me.
I will be home at that time
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is it. Thanks for your help
No, that is it.
Thanks for your help
sweet. Have a great day!
sweet.
Have a great day!
Hello, my name is Kevin and i have a problem. None of my tv channels are working. Can you help me fix this?
Hello, my name is Kevin and i have a problem.
None of my tv channels are working.
Can you help me fix this?
I can help you
I have already pulled up your account
When did your problem start?
Last night
I tríed to reboot the system but it did not work
No problem
I am going to create a tech support ticket to send out a technician to see if he can resolve this problem
Ok That Will be great
Will you be available tomorrow morning at 10a?
Yes i Will be
Ok Great I have scheduled the appointment.
Great
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That Will be all Thank you
sweet. Have a great day!
sweet.
Have a great day!
Hello, i want to cancel my cellular contract because the bad reception, the expensive rates and the not so good customer service
Hi I can help
Can you provide your cell phone number?
567-8666563
It looks like you've been with us for a long time. I would like to offer you an incentive to stay
It looks like you've been with us for a long time.
I would like to offer you an incentive to stay
10 months at 50% off
Ok That sound a great but what happens if the service keeps getting worst?
I am sending you a free signal booster to help with the reception issues
Thank you very much
You are very welcome.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That Will be all Thank you
have a great day!
Hey, I think the service for my phone stopped working a little earlier while I was out. Can you resolve this problem for me?
Hey, I think the service for my phone stopped working a little earlier while I was out.
Can you resolve this problem for me?
Hi Yes I can
What is your phone number?
My phone number is 540-903-7765
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
This usually fixes the problem
Sure.
Thank you
Good news! The charge was successful. Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
Good news!
The charge was successful.
Your service will be restored in 10 minutes.
You are very welcome
Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that's it, thank you
ok great, have a good day!
Hello, my name is Kevin eddie and i lost my flight to Miami because of all the snow That felt last night. I could not call to rescheduled because the phones were down. Can you help me book a new flight?
Hello, my name is Kevin eddie and i lost my flight to Miami because of all the snow That felt last night.
I could not call to rescheduled because the phones were down.
Can you help me book a new flight?
My flight number is 3345
Thank yo
Thank you!
I have located your flight. I can rebook you at no charge
I have located your flight.
I can rebook you at no charge
That Will be awesome
What else do you need ?
I have a flight leaving tonight at 8p
First class complimentary
Are you available?
Yes i Will be
That is a great offer. Thank you for your asistance
That is a great offer.
Thank you for your asistance
You are very welcome!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That Will be all for  today
Thank you very much
Have a great day
ok great, have an amazing day and safe flight!
Hey, I got a notification that my modem was delivered to my house earlier today while I was at work but I got home and couldn't find it. I made it so it would require a signature for the package, but still got delivered anyways, and it is missing. Can you help me?
Hey, I got a notification that my modem was delivered to my house earlier today while I was at work but I got home and couldn't find it.
I made it so it would require a signature for the package, but still got delivered anyways, and it is missing.
Can you help me?
Ok I can help you
What is your address?
4721 Hickory Lane, Hamden, CT 06473
thank you
I see that the package was left but I also noted that you did not sign for it
I am going to create a ticket to investigate the matter
Okay, can I get another one sent or should I wait until the first one gets redelivered?
I will send you out another one as well
You dont have to worry about anyting
I have taking care of it all
Okay, great, thank you
awesome. Have a great day!
awesome.
Have a great day!
Hello, i need to order a new internet installation for my apartment. The address is 4972 tyler avenue, Miami, fl, 33179
Hello, i need to order a new internet installation for my apartment.
The address is 4972 tyler avenue, Miami, fl, 33179
Thank you
I have updated your account with the details
I am checking to make sure the service area is good
Ok great, i'll wait
Thank you
Great news! I see that your area is serviceable.

I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service. Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Great news!
I see that your area is serviceable.
I can have a tech come out anytime this week to install both cable and internet service.
Are you available tomorrow between 9a and 1p?
Yes, i Will be available at 10 am
Is it possible ?
Sweet!
I will schedule you for 10a
Great
awesome
You are all penciled in!
Jeje great
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Thank you for the fast response
Thats it
Have a great day
You are very welcome!
Hi, i am very confused because my cellphone stopped working and i just dont know why. My name is dannie Martín
Hi, i am very confused because my cellphone stopped working and i just dont know why.
My name is dannie Martín
My number is 567-9907068
Thank you. Please hold while I access your account
Thank you.
Please hold while I access your account
Thank you for providing this information. I see that your payment was declined by the bank. Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Thank you for providing this information.
I see that your payment was declined by the bank.
Can I attempt recharging the card we have on file?
Yes please
Sorry about it
Oh it is not your fault at all.
The card went through. I think there was a glitch with the bank's processing servers.
The card went through.
I think there was a glitch with the bank's processing servers.
Service will be restored in 10 minutes
Thank you very
You saved my life today hehe
Aww my pleasure helping you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That Will be all Thank you
ok great. Enjoy!
ok great.
Enjoy!
Hey, I've been snowed in at my resort for the past couple days and have been unable to communicate with anybody. I just got into town this morning to let everyone know what has been going on. I missed my flight two days ago, can you help me find a new one?
Hey, I've been snowed in at my resort for the past couple days and have been unable to communicate with anybody.
I just got into town this morning to let everyone know what has been going on.
I missed my flight two days ago, can you help me find a new one?
I will be happy to help you!
I pulled up your flight details.
I can put you on the next flight available free of charge
Okay, great!
That would be fantastic
And if I have first class seats I will upgrade you free of charge
The next flight out is at 8a tomorrow morning
Are you available?
Yes, I will be able to make that flight. Thank you for the upgrade!
Yes, I will be able to make that flight.
Thank you for the upgrade!
You are very welcome
I have sent you the flight details via email.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all that I needed help with. Thank uou
No, that is all that I needed help with.
Thank uou
Ok great, have a safe flight!
Hello, i bought 3 days ago an internet modem from your website and it was delivered today at my home address. I just got home and i did no ser the package. I know you guys require a signature. Can you help me determine who signed it or where it was left?
Hello, i bought 3 days ago an internet modem from your website and it was delivered today at my home address.
I just got home and i did no ser the package.
I know you guys require a signature.
Can you help me determine who signed it or where it was left?
My home address is 2794 conaway street Bloomington in 47408
Hi. Thank you
Hi.
Thank you
I found your account
The address matches what we have on file.
Ok
I will be opening up a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated. You will be contacted once the investigation is completed.
I will be opening up a ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated.
You will be contacted once the investigation is completed.
Ok
How long Will it take?
Or how long normally takes?
The investigation typically takes 24 hours to completee
Ok That is fast
If you do not hear back from someone within 24 hours, please contact us back.
I know, we are very quick here
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hope you guys can Find it fast because i really need it
I am sure we will. Our team is working around the clock to find your package.
I am sure we will.
Our team is working around the clock to find your package.
That Will be all
Thank you very much
Have a great day
Thank you
Hey, my cable shut off while I was watching tv. I am not sure what to do about it. Can you help me?
Hey, my cable shut off while I was watching tv.
I am not sure what to do about it.
Can you help me?
Hi, I I will be able to help you
When did the problems arise?
About 15 minutes ago. I've been fumbling around with the cable box since then. I've tried restarting it and unplugging it
About 15 minutes ago.
I've been fumbling around with the cable box since then.
I've tried restarting it and unplugging it
Does the problem still persist?
Yes, it still doesn't work
I have created a tech support ticket
I will send a technician out free of charge to check your cables
Will you be home tomorrow at 12p
Yes, I'll be home all day tomorrow.
sweet!
I will schedule the appointment right now
In the meantime, is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, thank you.
And no, that's all I needed help with
ok great . I have scheduled the appointment.
ok great .
I have scheduled the appointment.
Have a great day!
Hey, I have been unsatisfied with my service recently, and I was looking to cancel my contract with ACME. Is this possible?
Hey, I have been unsatisfied with my service recently, and I was looking to cancel my contract with ACME.
Is this possible?
Hi Patricia. I am sorry to hear that you unhappy.
Hi Patricia.
I am sorry to hear that you unhappy.
What is your cell phone number?
5409037765
It is alright.
You have been a loyal customer for 15 years. I would like to offer you a deal. What problems have you been experiencing?
You have been a loyal customer for 15 years.
I would like to offer you a deal.
What problems have you been experiencing?
My service has been pretty bad on all the phones on my plan and I feel like the price I am paying is not worth the bad service
Ok I see
To alleviate your reception issues, I am going to offer you a free signal booster
This booster retails at $675 and it improves cell reception quality by 95%
Would that work on 3G?
I am not sure that I want to spend that much if I can just cancel the contract and choose another service
I am sending you the booster free of charge
on me!
And yes it works on 3G service.
In addition to the booster, I want to help you with the bill. 60% off for 6 months
In addition to the booster, I want to help you with the bill.
60% off for 6 months
Really? They would be great! Thank you very much.
Really?
They would be great!
Thank you very much.
You are very welcome.
Did I help you with everything today?
Yes you did. Thank you again for your offer
Yes you did.
Thank you again for your offer
Awesome, I am pleased
Thank you for choosing ACME. Have a great rest of your day!
Thank you for choosing ACME.
Have a great rest of your day!
You too!
Thank you!
Hey I am having a problem with my cable services
ok
This is me showing off my
Hey
I have recently relocated from my apartment and need you to update my residential address and place an order for a new installation as my new address does not have the required cabling.
Hello Dani what is your old address so I can locate your account-Jody
It 47 New York street
Great I have your account pulled up. What is the new address you need service?
Great I have your account pulled up.
What is the new address you need service?
Can you come tomorrow at 12:00 pm
Let me have the new address so I can see if a technician is available in your area tomorrow for 2pm
Ok
Is it done ?
I need your new address for new install service please
My new address is 4972 Tyler avenue , miami
Will someone be home tomorrow at noon to receive the technician? Install should take 1-2 hours to complete.
Will someone be home tomorrow at noon to receive the technician?
Install should take 1-2 hours to complete.
Yes
Great. I have you set up for tomorrow at noon at 4972 Tyler Ave for new installation service. Please allow the technician approx 1-2 hours for the install. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great.
I have you set up for tomorrow at noon at 4972 Tyler Ave for new installation service.
Please allow the technician approx 1-2 hours for the install.
Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you
That will be all
Thank you have a great day enjoy your new service!
I moved TJ a new apartment and need to schedule installation here for my internet
Hello Emily what is the address you would like new service?
262 Wilson st Merced CA 92727
I have a technician in the area tomorrow. Will there be someone home tomorrow between 2-4pm for the new installation?
I have a technician in the area tomorrow.
Will there be someone home tomorrow between 2-4pm for the new installation?
Yea that will work
OK great I have you set up for new installation for tomorrow at 2pm for 262 Wilson Street.  Please allow the technician approx 1-2 hours for the install.
OK great I have you set up for new installation for tomorrow at 2pm for 262 Wilson Street.
Please allow the technician approx 1-2 hours for the install.
can I help you with anything else today?
Awesome. Thanks. That's all I needed
Awesome.
Thanks.
That's all I needed
My cell service is dead and I really need it today for my work!
EMily can you please provide me with your cell phone number so I can look up your account?
364-574-3635
I have pulled up your account and I see your last payment didnt go through.
For card  ending in 1235 if we can rebill today I can have your service up and running again shortly
Yea try it again. I'm not sure why it didn't go through
Yea try it again.
I'm not sure why it didn't go through
OK I will process the payment now.
Your payment has gone through. Please power off your phone and power back on and you should be all set in the next 10 minutes.
Your payment has gone through.
Please power off your phone and power back on and you should be all set in the next 10 minutes.
Thanks
have a great day
Hi. Need to update my address to 467 hammock ln, bossier city, la 71110. And also have someone come out and install Internet.
Hi.
Need to update my address to 467 hammock ln, bossier city, la 71110.
And also have someone come out and install Internet.
HI Josh let me pull up your account
Ok
OK I have a technician in your area is tomorrow. Will someone be available between 4-6pm tomorrow?
OK I have a technician in your area is tomorrow.
Will someone be available between 4-6pm tomorrow?
Yes I will be home
Great I can have a technician to your home tomorrow at 4pm
Josh youre confirmed for tomorrow at 4pm
Perfect
Thanks for your help
Josh please update your application. to new version before next task. thanks
Josh please update your application.
to new version before next task.
thanks
Will do
its running really slow in this end. we believe you need new version
its running really slow in this end.
we believe you need new version
Ok I'll remove and download again
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice. It couldn't be a worse day as I had lot of admin to sort out. I would like you to fix the problem as soon as possible.
My cellphone service just stopped working without any prior notice.
It couldn't be a worse day as I had lot of admin to sort out.
I would like you to fix the problem as soon as possible.
I would be happy to help Can you provide me with your cell phone number?
My cellphone number is 8462427353
Dani it appears your last payment was declined by your bank for card ending in 1235. In order to return service we need to rebill your account
Dani it appears your last payment was declined by your bank for card ending in 1235.
In order to return service we need to rebill your account
Is there anything you need?
Can you pay it for me ?
Is this card ok to rebill?
or would you like to use another form of payment?
Yes card is perfect
ok I will put payment through now.
Thank you
ok your payment has gone through please power off your phone and power on again and you should be all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok your payment has gone through please power off your phone and power on again and you should be all set.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
have a great day
I have ordered a bookshelf from an online retailer and on assembling it I realised that a shelf is missing from it. I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick this one up and send me a new one.
I have ordered a bookshelf from an online retailer and on assembling it I realised that a shelf is missing from it.
I would like you to either send me the missing shelf or pick this one up and send me a new one.
Hi Dani Can I have your account number
It is 54945484
And my address is 4974 Tyler avenue, Miami
Ok I have pulled up your order. Is this the white or the black shelving?
Ok I have pulled up your order.
Is this the white or the black shelving?
Yes
Is this the white or black?
White
ok I have a new white shelf ordered. It should arrive within next 3-5 business days
ok I have a new white shelf ordered.
It should arrive within next 3-5 business days
Thank you
We are very sorry for the inconveinence. We would like to offer you a new book to fill your new shelf. Whatbook would you like?
We are very sorry for the inconveinence.
We would like to offer you a new book to fill your new shelf.
Whatbook would you like?
Do you have Harry Potter?
yes Maam. Which book in the series would you like?
yes Maam.
Which book in the series would you like?
Part 6
OK I have included Harry Potter Book 6. It may be shipped separately from the shelf but will arrive shortly. Again sorry for your troubles. enjoy your book!
OK I have included Harry Potter Book 6.
It may be shipped separately from the shelf but will arrive shortly.
Again sorry for your troubles.
enjoy your book!
Thank you so much
have a great day
I ordered a bookshelf and it was supposed to come with 5 shelves but I only have 4
ok can I have your account or order number please?
356335sgd
ok let me pull up your order
Ok
ok is this the white shelf? or black shelf?
ok is this the white shelf?
or black shelf?
Black
ok I have a new black shelf ordered for you it should arrive within next 3-5 business days.
Ok thanks
for your troubles we would like to give you a new book to fill your shelf? Who is your favorite author?
for your troubles we would like to give you a new book to fill your shelf?
Who is your favorite author?
Pat conroy
and what title would you like?
Prince of tides
We can have the Prince of Tides by Pat Conroy title shipped within next 3-5 business days. Again sorry for your troubles. Enjoy your book!
We can have the Prince of Tides by Pat Conroy title shipped within next 3-5 business days.
Again sorry for your troubles.
Enjoy your book!
Thank you
Hello! We just moved across town over the weekend and need to set up internet service here
Hello!
We just moved across town over the weekend and need to set up internet service here
I also need to update our billing address to the new place
ok great what is the account number so I can update your account
Acct is 917652
ok I will terminate at old address. What is the new address you would like service?
ok I will terminate at old address.
What is the new address you would like service?
3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
ok I have a technician available tomorrow at noon. Will there be someone available to receive him? Installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
ok I have a technician available tomorrow at noon.
Will there be someone available to receive him?
Installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
Yes my wife can be here for that
ok grat I have you all set for tomorrow at noon for new installation. Please allow 1-2 hours for the install. Enjoy your cable!
ok grat I have you all set for tomorrow at noon for new installation.
Please allow 1-2 hours for the install.
Enjoy your cable!
Thanks!
have a great day
Hi. My cell service is not working
Hi.
My cell service is not working
Hi Josh what is your cell phone number so I can pull up your account
555-318-0888
ok I have your account pulled up it appears your last payment didnt go through for card ending in 1235.
Hmm that's odd
Are the funds available at this time to rebill this card or would you like to use another form of payment?
Yes they should be
ok I will re-bill your card now.
Ok
ok your payment has been processed. please power off and power back on your phone and service should be restored within next 10 minutes.
ok your payment has been processed.
please power off and power back on your phone and service should be restored within next 10 minutes.
Ok great
have a great day!
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I have missed my return flight. The resort had no means of any external communication so I was unable to notify the airline. I have just arrived in the town and would like you to find the next flight for me
Due to being snowed in at a holiday resort I have missed my return flight.
The resort had no means of any external communication so I was unable to notify the airline.
I have just arrived in the town and would like you to find the next flight for me
ok what is your reservation code so I can pull up your flight?
It is 63534272
yes I see that flight was cancelled.
Ok
I have another flight departing at 5pm this evening or 7am tomorrow morning non stop
Can you book it for me
would you like 5pm or 7am tomorrow flight? I would be happy to book it for you free of charge
would you like 5pm or 7am tomorrow flight?
I would be happy to book it for you free of charge
5 pm will be good
ok I have you on FLight 1236 non stop to Houston departing at 5pm. You will receive your new tickets via email shortly.
ok I have you on FLight 1236 non stop to Houston departing at 5pm.
You will receive your new tickets via email shortly.
Thank you
Help! My phone service has gone. Not sure what's up, but incredibly busy and many calls to make
Help!
My phone service has gone.
Not sure what's up, but incredibly busy and many calls to make
Can someone check on this?
what is the cell phone number Peter so I can pull up your account?
773-946-6304
ok I have pulled up your account and your last payment of $55.50 did not go through on card ending 1235
Hmm
Are the funds available for re-billing this card or would you like to use another source of payment?
Yes it should go thru fine
If you can pls try a rebill?
ok I will process your payment now Peter.
ok your payment has been processed Peter please power off and power back on your phone and service should be restored within 10 minutes
Great!
Fantastic news
have a great day!
I was snowed in at my resort and missed my flight yesterday. The phones were down and I couldn't call in until now. Can you reschedule my flight?
I was snowed in at my resort and missed my flight yesterday.
The phones were down and I couldn't call in until now.
Can you reschedule my flight?
HI Emily what is the flight number?
4645
ok i have pulle dup the flight and yes I was cancelled due to weather.
I have 2 other available flights one leaves today at 5pm and the other at 7pm. Which do you prefer?
I have 2 other available flights one leaves today at 5pm and the other at 7pm.
Which do you prefer?
7pm
ok EMily I have you on flight 3457 departing at 7pm non stop to NYC. There is no additional charges. You will be receiving confirmation via email shortly.
ok EMily I have you on flight 3457 departing at 7pm non stop to NYC.
There is no additional charges.
You will be receiving confirmation via email shortly.
Awesome thanks
have a great flight
Hi. The bookshelf I ordered was missing a shelf when it arrived. It says 4 shelf on the box but there were only 3 inside
Hi.
The bookshelf I ordered was missing a shelf when it arrived.
It says 4 shelf on the box but there were only 3 inside
Hi Josh sorry to hear that what is the order number so I can pull it up?
68667989657
ok I see your 4 tier shelf unit. Is this a white or black unit?
ok I see your 4 tier shelf unit.
Is this a white or black unit?
Black
ok I can have the new black shelf out to you in 3-5 business days.
Ok that's fine
sorry for  your troubles we would like to offer yo ua new book for your shelf! What is your book of choice?
sorry for  your troubles we would like to offer yo ua new book for your shelf!
What is your book of choice?
Catcher in the Rye
ok great I will have that book sent out it may come in separate package. enjoy your book!
ok great I will have that book sent out it may come in separate package.
enjoy your book!
Thank you
have a great day
Hi I recently relocated and I need to update my residential address.  Also I need to get someone out here to get my cabling set up.
Hi I recently relocated and I need to update my residential address.
Also I need to get someone out here to get my cabling set up.
ok what is your account number so I can pull up your acount?
356315
ok and the new address you need service to update our accounts
4972 Tyler avenue. Miami fl 33179
4972 Tyler avenue.
Miami fl 33179
I have a technician available thursday at noon. will there be someone available to receive the technican?
I have a technician available thursday at noon.
will there be someone available to receive the technican?
Yes I'll be here.
ok grat I have an appointment set up for you on thruday at noon please allow 1-2 hours for the installation
Hello. I just put together a bookshelf we bought and had delivered on Saturday. It's missing a shelf piece!
Hello.
I just put together a bookshelf we bought and had delivered on Saturday.
It's missing a shelf piece!
Is there any way to get one sent out without returning the whole thing?
oh no! What is the order number so I can pull up your account Peter.
oh no!
What is the order number so I can pull up your account Peter.
Order is 2419-678
In the schematic the part number is A512
ok so that is the black shelf for the unit. I can have it out to you in 3-5 business days.
ok so that is the black shelf for the unit.
I can have it out to you in 3-5 business days.
we are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a free book to adorn your new shelf. what title would you like?
we are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a free book to adorn your new shelf.
what title would you like?
How about The Shining by Stephen King?
Sure thing we can send that along with your free delivery
have a great day and enjoy your book!
Thanks
Hey. I'm going to miss my 1PM flight due to the snow and can't get to the airport anytime soon. Can I reschedule to a later one? It's flight 1234 from Denver to San Diego
Hey.
I'm going to miss my 1PM flight due to the snow and can't get to the airport anytime soon.
Can I reschedule to a later one?
It's flight 1234 from Denver to San Diego
Hi Josh I see many flight delays in your area. can I have your reservation number please?
Hi Josh I see many flight delays in your area.
can I have your reservation number please?
47747
ok yes I see that flight was cancelled. I have another flight leaving at 5pm non stop to San Diego that I can put you on.
ok yes I see that flight was cancelled.
I have another flight leaving at 5pm non stop to San Diego that I can put you on.
Awesome!
ok I am sending your new flight plans via email to you now. Have a safe flight!
ok I am sending your new flight plans via email to you now.
Have a safe flight!
Thanks
Hi my cell phone service just stopped working.  Can you assist?  I really need to have a working phone today !
Hi my cell phone service just stopped working.
Can you assist?
I really need to have a working phone today !
sorry to hear that. what is the cellular phone number?
sorry to hear that.
what is the cellular phone number?
5185983378
I pulled up your account and your card ending 3499 was declined. if funds are avilable now we can re-bill your card and get you sorted.
I pulled up your account and your card ending 3499 was declined.
if funds are avilable now we can re-bill your card and get you sorted.
Oh jeez how embarrassing.  Yes please re run. I was paid today.
Oh jeez how embarrassing.
Yes please re run.
I was paid today.
ok I will re-bill your card now. one minute please
ok I will re-bill your card now.
one minute please
ok your payment haas gone through please power off and power on your phone again and your service should be restored within the next 10 minutes
I need some help. Wife and I got snowed in at resort and missed our flight
I need some help.
Wife and I got snowed in at resort and missed our flight
oh boy sorry to hear that. what is her reservation number?
oh boy sorry to hear that.
what is her reservation number?
Just got to the airport and got our phone on
Sorry res number is 645ACU
yes I see that flight was actually cancelled for weather. we have a new flight departing at 7pm this evening that I can put you on.
yes I see that flight was actually cancelled for weather.
we have a new flight departing at 7pm this evening that I can put you on.
Oh wow
Yes if you can get us on the 7pm that's great
ok I have you booked on the 7pm flight to Houston. You will be receiving your confirmation via email shortly. There are no additional charges for this flight change. Sorry for your troubles.
ok I have you booked on the 7pm flight to Houston.
You will be receiving your confirmation via email shortly.
There are no additional charges for this flight change.
Sorry for your troubles.
Appreciate your help!
have a safe flight!
Sorry I lost connection thanks so much.
Hi.  I ordered a bookshelf from an online retailer and I went to assemble it today and realized the shelf is missing. Can you please assist?
Hi.
I ordered a bookshelf from an online retailer and I went to assemble it today and realized the shelf is missing.
Can you please assist?
Hey Peter, I will be able to assist you with this.
Could you please provide me with your order number?
739472
Thank you, standby while pull up your order details.
Thank you
Ok I see you ordered the 5 shelf oak bookshelf? Is this correct?
Ok I see you ordered the 5 shelf oak bookshelf?
Is this correct?
Yes that's the one!  Only have four shelves here though
Yes that's the one!
Only have four shelves here though
Ok, no problem. Let me order the extra shelf for you. Stanby
Ok, no problem.
Let me order the extra shelf for you.
Stanby
Cool thank you
OK your shelf is ordered and will be delivered in two days
Awesome thanks so much
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's it thanks!
Great, have a great day.
Hi just wanted to let you know that I missed my flight due to bad weather.  Also can you help me find the next upcoming flight I can take??
Hi just wanted to let you know that I missed my flight due to bad weather.
Also can you help me find the next upcoming flight I can take?
?
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear about this. Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Hey Peter, I am sorry to hear about this.
Let me help you get home as soon as possible.
Could you provide me with the flight details of the flight you missed?
Peter? Are you still there?
Peter?
Are you still there?
Yes sorry.
The flight was from Bahamas to Chicago.
Great, thank you, I see this flight was also canceled due to bad weather. Let me booked you a new flight free of charge. I have two flights, one at 3pm and the other at 10pm, which would you prefer?
Great, thank you, I see this flight was also canceled due to bad weather.
Let me booked you a new flight free of charge.
I have two flights, one at 3pm and the other at 10pm, which would you prefer?
3pm please!
OK, standby when I book the flight and have the ticket emailed to you.
Cool thanks
Ok your tickets are booked. Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
Ok your tickets are booked.
Is there anything else which I can assist you with?
No that's it thank you
Great have a good day.
I have ordered a bookshelf from you. While trying to assemble it, I realized that a shelf is missing. Please send me a new shelf or pick this one up and send me a replacement.
I have ordered a bookshelf from you.
While trying to assemble it, I realized that a shelf is missing.
Please send me a new shelf or pick this one up and send me a replacement.
Hi Patricia can you please provide me with your order number so I can lookup your account?
I don't have it.
what is your phone number i will look up that way
336-213-4563
212*
ok I have pulled up your order. which color is your unit black or white?
ok I have pulled up your order.
which color is your unit black or white?
white
ok I have white replacement shelves in stock . i can have it to you in 3-5 business days.
ok I have white replacement shelves in stock .
i can have it to you in 3-5 business days.
Okay, that will work just fine.
We are sorry for your troubles, we would like to gift you a book to adorn your new shelf. What title would you like to receive?
We are sorry for your troubles, we would like to gift you a book to adorn your new shelf.
What title would you like to receive?
Oh. Um, I'm not particular. Anything will be fine.
Oh.
Um, I'm not particular.
Anything will be fine.
Since you are unsure I am gifting you an Amazon Gift card for $10 for a book of your choice at a future date. You will receive the gift card via email shortly. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Since you are unsure I am gifting you an Amazon Gift card for $10 for a book of your choice at a future date.
You will receive the gift card via email shortly.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's perfect.
have a great day and enjoy your book!
Thank you!
Hello. I have recently relocated to a new apartment and I need to update my address. I also need a new installation.
Hello.
I have recently relocated to a new apartment and I need to update my address.
I also need a new installation.
Hi Patricia. what is the phone number associated iwth your account
Hi Patricia.
what is the phone number associated iwth your account
336-212-4563
ok I have pulled up your account. what is the address for the new service?
ok I have pulled up your account.
what is the address for the new service?
4721 hickory lane, Hamden ct 06473
OK i have checked and the earliest appointment I have is on Thursday at 1pm for new installation. Will there be someone home to receive the technician? Installation takes approximately 1-2 hours
OK i have checked and the earliest appointment I have is on Thursday at 1pm for new installation.
Will there be someone home to receive the technician?
Installation takes approximately 1-2 hours
Yes, that will work.
Ok I hvae you confirmed for Thursday at 1pm for new install at 4721 Hickory Lane. Enjoy your new service!
Ok I hvae you confirmed for Thursday at 1pm for new install at 4721 Hickory Lane.
Enjoy your new service!
Thank you!
Hi. My cell service has stopped working suddenly. I'm confused and frustrated because I have a lot going on at work today. Thankfully I'm able to connect to wifi at work. Can someone check on this to let me know what the problem is and how long it will take to resolve it? Thanks.
Hi.
My cell service has stopped working suddenly.
I'm confused and frustrated because I have a lot going on at work today.
Thankfully I'm able to connect to wifi at work.
Can someone check on this to let me know what the problem is and how long it will take to resolve it?
Thanks.
what is your cell phone number so I can pull up your account..
336-212-4563
ok it looks like your last payment didnt go thru on card #3478
That's odd. Can we try again?
That's odd.
Can we try again?
If the funds are avilable now I can rebill the card or you can use another form of payment.
Yes, please rebill.
ok I have rebilled your card ending in 3478 on file and payment was successful. Please power off your phone and power back on to reset. Service should be restored within the next 5-10 minutes.
ok I have rebilled your card ending in 3478 on file and payment was successful.
Please power off your phone and power back on to reset.
Service should be restored within the next 5-10 minutes.
Perfect. Thank you so much.
Perfect.
Thank you so much.
have a great day
Hello. I've moved into an older duplex that doesn't have wiring for internet but I wanted to see about getting it installed
Hello.
I've moved into an older duplex that doesn't have wiring for internet but I wanted to see about getting it installed
I also need to update this to be my billing address
ok what is phone number on the account?
703-723-2641
ok I have your account pulled up. What is the new address you would like the service installed?
ok I have your account pulled up.
What is the new address you would like the service installed?
3797 Maud St Wilmington DE 19801
I have a technician in that area available on Wednesday for a new install between 12noon and 2 pm. Will there be someone available to receive the technician?
I have a technician in that area available on Wednesday for a new install between 12noon and 2 pm.
Will there be someone available to receive the technician?
I will be here
That's great
ok I have you set for Wednesday at noon. Installation takes 1-2 hours. Enjoy your new cable service!
ok I have you set for Wednesday at noon.
Installation takes 1-2 hours.
Enjoy your new cable service!
Thanks
Good afternoon. I just moved and would like to schedule an Internet install
Good afternoon.
I just moved and would like to schedule an Internet install
ok what is your phone number
555-318-0888
ok what is the new address you would like service moved to ?
4590 high point dr, Minden, LA 71189
ok the earliest available appointment for new install I have is wednesday at 2pm-4pm. Installation takes approx 1-2 hours. Will there be someone there to receive the techniciain?
ok the earliest available appointment for new install I have is wednesday at 2pm-4pm.
Installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
Will there be someone there to receive the techniciain?
Sure I'll make sure I'll be there
ok great I have you all set for Wed at 2pm for a new install. Enjoy your new cable!
ok great I have you all set for Wed at 2pm for a new install.
Enjoy your new cable!
Hi. I was recently snowed in on holiday and missed my return flight. The resort didn't have power and I wasn't able to notify you. I just got in town and was contacting you to let you know why I missed the flight and to see when the next available flights are?
Hi.
I was recently snowed in on holiday and missed my return flight.
The resort didn't have power and I wasn't able to notify you.
I just got in town and was contacting you to let you know why I missed the flight and to see when the next available flights are?
what is the reservation #?
Sorry, I don't have that with me.
ok what is email used to place the reservation?
Goodness. I don't know, my boss booked it for me. Will my date of birth or SSN help?
Goodness.
I don't know, my boss booked it for me.
Will my date of birth or SSN help?
sure, what is the date of birth of the passenger and their last name?
Dec 9, 1978 and last name is Southern
ok Ms Southern I have an available flight tonight at 6pm. WIll that work?
ok Ms Southern I have an available flight tonight at 6pm.
WIll that work?
Yes that is perfect
ok I have you booked on next flight departing at 6pm non stop to Houston. I will be sending your new flight confirmation via email shortly. Safe Travels!
ok I have you booked on next flight departing at 6pm non stop to Houston.
I will be sending your new flight confirmation via email shortly.
Safe Travels!
Thank you!
Need some help. For some reason my phone service is off.
Need some help.
For some reason my phone service is off.
Have many calls to make this afternoon
what is your cellular number sir?
703-723-2641
ok I have pulled up your account and it seems that your card ending in 6789 was declined.
Hmm
That's odd
we can rebill that card if funds are available or you can choose another form of payment to restore service
Yes try the rebill thing
It should be fine
ok I have rebilled your card and the payment went through. Please power off and on your phone. service should be restored within 5- 10 miniutes
ok I have rebilled your card and the payment went through.
Please power off and on your phone.
service should be restored within 5- 10 miniutes
Great
Thanks!
Thanks
Hi. My cellphone service seems to be out
Hi.
My cellphone service seems to be out
Hi Josh what is the phone number associated with your account?
555-318-0888
ok it looks like your card ending in #4578 was declined for last payment.
IN order to resume service we can rebill account or you can choose another form of payment
Let's try rebelling. My deposit may have taken an extra day to go through
Let's try rebelling.
My deposit may have taken an extra day to go through
this happens sometimes with bank holidays. I will rebill now.
this happens sometimes with bank holidays.
I will rebill now.
ok your payment was successful. pleas power off and power on your phone to reset. service should be restored within the next 5-10 minutes
ok your payment was successful.
pleas power off and power on your phone to reset.
service should be restored within the next 5-10 minutes
Ok will do
have a great day!
We ordered a 5-shelf bookshelf from you and just got it assembled. But a shelf piece is missing
We ordered a 5-shelf bookshelf from you and just got it assembled.
But a shelf piece is missing
Is there anything we can do about that
what is the order number or phone number on the account?
let me pull up your account
703-723-2641 is my phone
Order is
714252
ok that is the 5 shelf bookcase. Is it the black or white color model?
ok that is the 5 shelf bookcase.
Is it the black or white color model?
Black
ok I have that replacement part in stock I can have it sent to you within the next 3-5 business days
Great
Glad we didn't have to return it
we are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a book for your new book shelf. what title would you like?
we are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a book for your new book shelf.
what title would you like?
How about WebstersDictionary?
Always useful
Sure thing. It will come in a separate package and will arrive within 3-5 business days. Again we apologize for the missing part and will have the replacement out asap. have a great day!
Sure thing.
It will come in a separate package and will arrive within 3-5 business days.
Again we apologize for the missing part and will have the replacement out asap.
have a great day!
Thanks!
Hi. I'm trying to put together the bookshelf I ordered from you but there is a shelf missing
Hi.
I'm trying to put together the bookshelf I ordered from you but there is a shelf missing
oh no! what is the order number and i will see what I can do
oh no!
what is the order number and i will see what I can do
468856
ok I see you ordered a 5 shelf bookcase. Is your unit black or white?
ok I see you ordered a 5 shelf bookcase.
Is your unit black or white?
Black
ok I have that in stock and can have it out to you in 2-4 business days. sorry for your troubles.
ok I have that in stock and can have it out to you in 2-4 business days.
sorry for your troubles.
No problem. Thank you
No problem.
Thank you
I need to update my address and place an order for a new installation
Hi Nancy what is the phone number associated with the account?
813-327-5899
ok and what is the new address you want service in?
4216 Traction Street, Spartanburg, SC 29302
ok I have a technician in the area tomorrow at noon will there be someone home to receive him?
Yes I will be home at that time
ok great so I have you set for tomorrow at noon for new install at 4216 traction street. the install takes 1-2 hours. Enjoy your cable service!
ok great so I have you set for tomorrow at noon for new install at 4216 traction street.
the install takes 1-2 hours.
Enjoy your cable service!
Thank you! Have a great day!
Thank you!
Have a great day!
My wife and I are in a bind here. Missed our flight this morning
My wife and I are in a bind here.
Missed our flight this morning
Got snowed in at resort
Just got to airport and got phone charged
oh boy. what is the flight number and I will see what i can do.
oh boy.
what is the flight number and I will see what i can do.
Delta 79
yes I am showing that flight was cancelled due to weather. I have two options. I have a flight departing at 5pm today with a stop in Detroit OR I have a flight leaving at 7am tomorrow nonstop to Houston. Which do you prefer?
yes I am showing that flight was cancelled due to weather.
I have two options.
I have a flight departing at 5pm today with a stop in Detroit OR I have a flight leaving at 7am tomorrow nonstop to Houston.
Which do you prefer?
Let's take the 5pm
This is great
Huge relief!
ok I have you booked on the 5 pm flight with a stop in Detroit. I will email your new travel itinerary to the email on your account. Enjoy the rest of your day at the resort and safe travels!
ok I have you booked on the 5 pm flight with a stop in Detroit.
I will email your new travel itinerary to the email on your account.
Enjoy the rest of your day at the resort and safe travels!
Thanks!!
Thanks!
!
have a great day!
hi there I recently moved and I need to update my address and get new service, can you help me?
sur ethig what is the phone number associated withthe account?
4202473659
ok and what is the NEW addres you would like service to?
2794 conaway at Bloomington IN 47408
I have a technician in the area on wednesday between 2-4pm will there be someone home to receive the tech?
that will work!
ok I have you all set for wednesday at 2pm  installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
great
enjoy your new service!
thanks!
Hello, my cellphone service has stopped working. Can you help me solve the problem as I need it urgently
Hello, my cellphone service has stopped working.
Can you help me solve the problem as I need it urgently
sorry your are having troubles. what is cell phone number on the account?
sorry your are having troubles.
what is cell phone number on the account?
(813)327-5899
Are you there? I need this matter fixed quickly as I'm quite busy
Are you there?
I need this matter fixed quickly as I'm quite busy
yes I have pulled up your account and it appears that your card ending in 5678 was declined for payment
in order to restore service we can rebill the card or you can provide another source of payment?
I would like to use a different card please
ok please provide the new card number...
2634 1736 8163 2837 expires 12/17
and the three digit security code on reaer of card?
726
ok one moment while i process payment
Thank you
your payment was successful please power off and power on your phone and service should be restored within next 5-10 minutes.
Okay! Thanks for your help. Have a great day.
Okay!
Thanks for your help.
Have a great day.
same to you!
Hey. I've been trapped in a ski resort all morning and missed my flight. Can you rebook me?
Hey.
I've been trapped in a ski resort all morning and missed my flight.
Can you rebook me?
oh no! that's terrible. what is your reservation # and I will see what i can do...
oh no!
that's terrible.
what is your reservation # and I will see what i can do...
375367
ok I am showing alot of flights cancelled in that area. the next available flight is at 7pm with a stop in Detroit or another flight tomorrow morning at 6am non stop to Houston.
ok I am showing alot of flights cancelled in that area.
the next available flight is at 7pm with a stop in Detroit or another flight tomorrow morning at 6am non stop to Houston.
Let's be safe and go with the one tomorrow morning
ok I have you booked on the 6am nonstop to houston. I will email your new flight itinerary now. Enjoy the rest of your day and safe travels!
ok I have you booked on the 6am nonstop to houston.
I will email your new flight itinerary now.
Enjoy the rest of your day and safe travels!
Thank you
have a great day!
hi there my cellphone service is not working.  it's a bad day for this s in really slammed in the office, can you help me?
hi there my cellphone service is not working.
it's a bad day for this s in really slammed in the office, can you help me?
Hi Kevin...sorry you are having trouble with your phone. what is the cell number on your account?>
Hi Kevin...sorry you are having trouble with your phone.
what is the cell number on your account?>
4202473659
i see the problem. your card ending in 4578 was declined for the last payment. we can rebill the card if funds are available or you can provide another source of payment to restore service
i see the problem.
your card ending in 4578 was declined for the last payment.
we can rebill the card if funds are available or you can provide another source of payment to restore service
yes please rebill me
ok I have run your card again and the payment was succeessful. Please power off and power back on your phone to reset. Service should be restored within next 5-10 minutes.
ok I have run your card again and the payment was succeessful.
Please power off and power back on your phone to reset.
Service should be restored within next 5-10 minutes.
great
have a great day Kevin
thanks!
Hello, I ordered a book shelf but it is missing a shelf! Can you please either send the missing shelf or replace the one I have?
Hello, I ordered a book shelf but it is missing a shelf!
Can you please either send the missing shelf or replace the one I have?
HI Nancy. Lets look up the order. what is the order number and I will see what we can do
HI Nancy.
Lets look up the order.
what is the order number and I will see what we can do
6284729
it looks like you ordered a 5 tier shelf. is your unit white or black?
it looks like you ordered a 5 tier shelf.
is your unit white or black?
It's white
ok I have white shelves in stock i can get it out to you today and should arrive in 2-4 business days.
Yes! That's perfect. Thank you.
Yes!
That's perfect.
Thank you.
We are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a book for your new bookshelf? What title would you like to receive?
We are sorry for your troubles and would like to offer you a book for your new bookshelf?
What title would you like to receive?
That's much appreciated. I'd like to receive Gone with the wind.
That's much appreciated.
I'd like to receive Gone with the wind.
Is there anything else I need to do?
NO i will send the replacement shelf and your new book out today. they will come in separate packages but should arrive within 2-4 business days
NO i will send the replacement shelf and your new book out today.
they will come in separate packages but should arrive within 2-4 business days
have a great day Nancy
You too! Thanks for your help. Bye!
You too!
Thanks for your help.
Bye!
Hello, I missed my flight due to being snowed in and the phone and Internet lines were down. I'd like to reschedule my flight. Can you tell me when the next available flights are?
Hello, I missed my flight due to being snowed in and the phone and Internet lines were down.
I'd like to reschedule my flight.
Can you tell me when the next available flights are?
oh no sorry to hear that Nancy. what was your reservation # so I can look it up for you
oh no sorry to hear that Nancy.
what was your reservation # so I can look it up for you
F27624
I am showing the flight was cancelled so no worries we can reschedule you on the next available flight
I have a flight dparting at 7pm tonight with a stop in detroit or a nonstop to houston tomorrow morning at 7am...which do you prefer?
That's sounds great. I'll take the nonstop flight tomorrow morning please
That's sounds great.
I'll take the nonstop flight tomorrow morning please
ok I have you on the 7am nonstop to houston tomorrow morning. I will be sending your new flight itinerary to your email now. Since the flight was cancelled there is no fee asscoiated with this change. is there anything else I can help you with today?
ok I have you on the 7am nonstop to houston tomorrow morning.
I will be sending your new flight itinerary to your email now.
Since the flight was cancelled there is no fee asscoiated with this change.
is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all. Thanks very much for your help!
No that's all.
Thanks very much for your help!
enjoy the rest of your day and safe travels!
hi there I bought a bookshelf, and it is missing a shelf, can you help me?
Hi Kevin. Im sorry you are having troubles. what is the order number and let me see what I can do to help
Hi Kevin.
Im sorry you are having troubles.
what is the order number and let me see what I can do to help
4744783
ok that is the 5 tier book shelf. and is your unit the black or the white color?
ok that is the 5 tier book shelf.
and is your unit the black or the white color?
yes
is it white or black?
black
ok I have black shelves in stock I can send it out today and it will arrive in 2-4 business day
great that works
I am sorry for the inconvenience this has casused i would like to offer you a free book to adorn your new bookshelf. What title would you like?
I am sorry for the inconvenience this has casused i would like to offer you a free book to adorn your new bookshelf.
What title would you like?
50 shades of grey!
Wonderful choice! I will send that out today as well and will arrive in different package but should arrive within 2-4 business days as well
Wonderful choice!
I will send that out today as well and will arrive in different package but should arrive within 2-4 business days as well
awesome
thanks!
Again sorry for the trouble and enjoy your reading of 50 shades of grey!
hi ther, I missed my return flight because I was snowed in and I couldn't contact the airline.  I'd like to book a return flight asap as well, can you help me?
hi ther, I missed my return flight because I was snowed in and I couldn't contact the airline.
I'd like to book a return flight asap as well, can you help me?
sorry that has happened what is your flgiht number so I can look  up your flight?
57475
yes I am showing all figiht out that airport have been cancelled. the next flight out will be tomorrow morning at 7am but it is a nonstop flight to houston.
yes I am showing all figiht out that airport have been cancelled.
the next flight out will be tomorrow morning at 7am but it is a nonstop flight to houston.
that works!
ok I have you booked on the 7am flght to houston. I will be emailing you the new itinerary shortly. Safe travels.
ok I have you booked on the 7am flght to houston.
I will be emailing you the new itinerary shortly.
Safe travels.
great!  thanks!
great!
thanks!
have a great day
None of my Tv channels are working. I would like you to help me on this.
None of my Tv channels are working.
I would like you to help me on this.
Hi Peter. Sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable. Have you checked all the connections to make sure the wires are secure?
Hi Peter.
Sorry to hear you are having trouble with your cable.
Have you checked all the connections to make sure the wires are secure?
Ok I do that
ok please find the "Input" buttin on your remote and make sure the input is set to HDMI
Ya I just did it and it seems it is working again
ok great! Glad to hear it! Anything else I can help you with today?
ok great!
Glad to hear it!
Anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all
have a great day!
Hi. My cable has been out about 30 minutes so far
Hi.
My cable has been out about 30 minutes so far
oh no! Lets see what we can do to fix that. what is your telephone number?
oh no!
Lets see what we can do to fix that.
what is your telephone number?
555-318-0888
ok josh i am not showing any outages in your area. so lets check all the wires going from wall to cable and then cable to tv and make sure they are all tight and secure.
ok josh i am not showing any outages in your area.
so lets check all the wires going from wall to cable and then cable to tv and make sure they are all tight and secure.
All connected
ok now look at remote and find "Input" button. make sure it is set to hdmi
ok now look at remote and find "Input" button.
make sure it is set to hdmi
Yes it is
and is the tv guide appearing on screen?
Nope
ok go to next input on your tv that is hdmi and see if it is in another port
No it's in the right one
ok I am going to create a ticket for next level of tech support to give you a call back at this number 555-318-0888 they should be contacting you within the hour.
Ok thank you
have a great day.
I moved from my apartment to a new location. I need my place an order for a new installation at my current address for ACME Internet service
I moved from my apartment to a new location.
I need my place an order for a new installation at my current address for ACME Internet service
Hi Dannie what is the phone number associated with account?
773-221-0996
ok and what is the new address you would like service provided?
4972 Tyler Avenue, Miami, FL 33179
I have a technician available in that area on Wednesday between 12-2pm will there we someone there to receive the technician for the installation?
Yes that's perfect, I will also need all the cabling done
Sure thing that is included with new installation. the technician will replace all the wiring. you are all set for wednesday at noon. installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
Sure thing that is included with new installation.
the technician will replace all the wiring.
you are all set for wednesday at noon.
installation takes approx 1-2 hours.
Great! Thank you for the help
Great!
Thank you for the help
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem. Earlier today while I was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door. On arriving home my package was missing. I have looked online and see I explicitly said you require a signature when delivering the package. I would like you to help me on this.
I recently placed an online order for a new internet modem.
Earlier today while I was at work I received a notice that the modem was delivered and left in front of my door.
On arriving home my package was missing.
I have looked online and see I explicitly said you require a signature when delivering the package.
I would like you to help me on this.
ok can you give me the phone number associated with the account let me look it up and see what we can do
It is 7463258595
ok yes I am showing it delivered on my end. let me give UPS a call and see if we can track the package more securely. We should have an answer within next 2 hours.
ok yes I am showing it delivered on my end.
let me give UPS a call and see if we can track the package more securely.
We should have an answer within next 2 hours.
Ok
What should I do next ?
you will be receiving a call from us within next two hours. if we cannot locate the package we will file a claim and send a new one out tomorrow.
you will be receiving a call from us within next two hours.
if we cannot locate the package we will file a claim and send a new one out tomorrow.
Ok thank you
Help! Just turned TV on and all cable channels are dead
Help!
Just turned TV on and all cable channels are dead
Was working fine last night
oh no! lets see what we can do. First what is the phone number associated with the account?
oh no!
lets see what we can do.
First what is the phone number associated with the account?
Acct number is 5167517
My phone is 571-723-6478
ok there doesnt appear to be any outages in your area. so let s trouble shoot a little bit and see if we can get you working again.
ok there doesnt appear to be any outages in your area.
so let s trouble shoot a little bit and see if we can get you working again.
Ok
please check all the connects from wall to cable and then from cable box to tv please and make sure they are tight and secure
Ok everything looks fine
Nothing loose
ok now locate the input on the remote nad make sure it is set to HDMI please
Ok
is the tv guide appearing on screen?
No
Just says no signal
Wait
TV guide is up
ok since all the connect s are good inside and there arent any outages. I am going to create a ticket for a tech to come out and check the signals. You should be notified by the tech dept within next two hours.
ok since all the connect s are good inside and there arent any outages.
I am going to create a ticket for a tech to come out and check the signals.
You should be notified by the tech dept within next two hours.
Turned it off and on
Again
But cable box is flashing
And still no channels
ok its definitely a problem and might be box itself. i escalated your ticket and i do have two techs out in your area and i put you on list for today so they should be contacting you within next two hours for a visit.
ok its definitely a problem and might be box itself.
i escalated your ticket and i do have two techs out in your area and i put you on list for today so they should be contacting you within next two hours for a visit.
Ok perfect
That's fast
Its before 5pm so we are able to help same day. Thank you for using Acme Cable
Its before 5pm so we are able to help same day.
Thank you for using Acme Cable
Great!
I will be here
Thanks for the help
Hi. I ordered a new modem and requested a delivery signature. Got a notification earlier that it was delivered but it's not here
Hi.
I ordered a new modem and requested a delivery signature.
Got a notification earlier that it was delivered but it's not here
ok lets look up your account and see if we can track it down. what is the phone number associated with the account?
ok lets look up your account and see if we can track it down.
what is the phone number associated with the account?
555-318-0888
ok i am showing it is a USPS delivery and the have until 8pm to deliver even though it says delivered it may still be out with a carrier. its currently 3:13pm so if package doesn't arrive by 8pm tonight. please call us back and we will file a claim and send a new one out overnight expresss
ok i am showing it is a USPS delivery and the have until 8pm to deliver even though it says delivered it may still be out with a carrier.
its currently 3:13pm so if package doesn't arrive by 8pm tonight.
please call us back and we will file a claim and send a new one out overnight expresss
Ok will do
thanks enjoy rest of your day
I am tired of your cellular contract. The cellular service is bad, calls are dropping I feel I am paying too much and you once stopped my service without prior notice due to a billing error on your side. I would like you to help me on this.
I am tired of your cellular contract.
The cellular service is bad, calls are dropping I feel I am paying too much and you once stopped my service without prior notice due to a billing error on your side.
I would like you to help me on this.
sure first lets look up your account what is the cell phone number?
My account number is 68433796
Is there anything else you need?
ok Peter I show you on a 3G 900 minute plan for $99 with 5 Gig of data. I can put you on a 4G plan unlimited for only $79 with same 5Gig of data. It seems you have been a loyal Acme customer for 4 years but no one ever updated your service. that could be the issue.
ok Peter I show you on a 3G 900 minute plan for $99 with 5 Gig of data.
I can put you on a 4G plan unlimited for only $79 with same 5Gig of data.
It seems you have been a loyal Acme customer for 4 years but no one ever updated your service.
that could be the issue.
Ok I think that will work
ok so since you are still under contract I am simply going to make the change and waive the $35 activation fee. you will see the credit prorated difference on your next bill.
ok so since you are still under contract I am simply going to make the change and waive the $35 activation fee.
you will see the credit prorated difference on your next bill.
Thank you
thank you for being a loyal Acme customer
Sure
My cellphone service went out suddenly and I can't seem to get a signal, please help, I have a lot of work to do!
what is the phone number associate with account?
773-221-0996
it seems your card ending in 1234 was declined for payment. to restore service i can rebill if funds are available ot you can provide another form of payment.
it seems your card ending in 1234 was declined for payment.
to restore service i can rebill if funds are available ot you can provide another form of payment.
Yes please try to rebill me
ok your payment on card 1234 has been successful so please power off and power on your phone and service should be restored in 5-10 muntes
Great to hear, thank you!
I got a message that the modem I ordered from you was dropped off while I was at work
I specifically requested signature on delivery
Just got home at lunch.  No modem
Just got home at lunch.
No modem
Can we resolve this on chat?
ok lets look up your account what is the phone number asscoiated with your account
Phone is 571-723-6478
Acct is 901211
If that helps
ok I am showing that its being delivered via USPS. they show it delivered but actually have until 8pm tongiht to deliver. it is currently 3:23pm. So even though it says it was delivered it still may be with carrier.
ok I am showing that its being delivered via USPS.
they show it delivered but actually have until 8pm tongiht to deliver.
it is currently 3:23pm.
So even though it says it was delivered it still may be with carrier.
Hmm
Ok
They said they dropped it off but I'll wait
Just in case
if you dont have a note on your door, it is probably still on truck. it is marked delivered when they give it to carrier unfortunately. So please allow them to deliver. if its not delivered i will file claim and have another shipped overnight express
if you dont have a note on your door, it is probably still on truck.
it is marked delivered when they give it to carrier unfortunately.
So please allow them to deliver.
if its not delivered i will file claim and have another shipped overnight express
Ok
Thanks for checking
ok it should arrive by tomorrow so sorry for the trouble.
Thanks
have a great day
Can you please cancel my cell contract
HI Josh why would you like to cancel your account today?
Constantly dropping calls. Weak connection where I live
Constantly dropping calls.
Weak connection where I live
lets look at your account what is the cell phone number?
555-318-0888
it appears you are on a 3G plan. there is 4 g service available in your area. this may be the source of your issues
it appears you are on a 3G plan.
there is 4 g service available in your area.
this may be the source of your issues
i can upgrade you for free today to the 4 G plan and see how that works better with your phone.
Ok sounds good. Worth a try
Ok sounds good.
Worth a try
ok great. your rate plan will not change in price. but i think this will solve your issues.
ok great.
your rate plan will not change in price.
but i think this will solve your issues.
Great. Hope so
Great.
Hope so
just power off and on your phone for me to reset it and you should be all set!
I had a missing delivering of Internet modem. It is now 48 hours later and I have not heard anything regarding the investigation. I would like to demand the agent attends to this urgently.
I had a missing delivering of Internet modem.
It is now 48 hours later and I have not heard anything regarding the investigation.
I would like to demand the agent attends to this urgently.
ok lets look and see your account and see what has been done what is the phone number on your account?
My account number is 464647855
ok I am showing that the package was delivered but you didn't receive it. So at this point, I can file a claim and send a new modem out to you overnight express it should arrive tomorrow evening.
ok I am showing that the package was delivered but you didn't receive it.
So at this point, I can file a claim and send a new modem out to you overnight express it should arrive tomorrow evening.
Ok that will be great
ok great thank you for being so patient and sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you
Hi, I bought a bookshelf online from ACME, I tried to assemble it but it is missing a shelf. Can you send me the missing shelf or replace this bookshelf?
Hi, I bought a bookshelf online from ACME, I tried to assemble it but it is missing a shelf.
Can you send me the missing shelf or replace this bookshelf?
hi what is the order number let me look and see if we have in stock
7732210996
ok that is the 5 tier shelf. is your model white or black?
ok that is the 5 tier shelf.
is your model white or black?
Black
ok I have black in stock i can get that out to you today and should arriv ein 2-4 business days.
Perfect, sounds great
we apologize for this issue and would like to offer you a free book of your choice to adorn your bookshelf. What title would you like to be delivered?
we apologize for this issue and would like to offer you a free book of your choice to adorn your bookshelf.
What title would you like to be delivered?
Hmm do you have Harry Potter and the sorcerers stone? If so I will take that
Hmm do you have Harry Potter and the sorcerers stone?
If so I will take that
Sure great choice. it will arrive in separate package but arrive in same 2-4 day  window.
Sure great choice.
it will arrive in separate package but arrive in same 2-4 day  window.
Great, thank you very much!
have a great day!
Hi. I was supposed to have a delivery issue of my modem looked into and be contacted by someone but it's been almost 3 days and I haven't heard anything.
Hi.
I was supposed to have a delivery issue of my modem looked into and be contacted by someone but it's been almost 3 days and I haven't heard anything.
sorry to hear no one got back to you let me look up your account and see what i can do. what is your phone number on the account?
sorry to hear no one got back to you let me look up your account and see what i can do.
what is your phone number on the account?
555-318-0888
ok i see your claim and i see that UPS states they delivered it but you never received the modem. Since they didnt capture a signature, they are responsible so we will be sedning a new modem out to you overnight express and will file a cliam against UPS.
ok i see your claim and i see that UPS states they delivered it but you never received the modem.
Since they didnt capture a signature, they are responsible so we will be sedning a new modem out to you overnight express and will file a cliam against UPS.
Oh ok good
you should receive new modem via Fedex tomorrow before 5 pm
K
sorry for the inconvenience have a great rest of your day
Thanks you too
I need to speak with someone about canceling my phone contract
Too many dropped calls for how expensive it is
Hi Peter. sorry to hear you want to leave us lets look at your account. what is the cell phone number?
Hi Peter.
sorry to hear you want to leave us lets look at your account.
what is the cell phone number?
571-723-6478
Billing issue that was your fault last month and left me without svc
Also bad
ok I pulled up your account. it seems you have recently changed plans and it was mid billing cycle and so additional charges were prorated. then it seems a auto payment was declined.
ok I pulled up your account.
it seems you have recently changed plans and it was mid billing cycle and so additional charges were prorated.
then it seems a auto payment was declined.
but your service is currently working right?
Service is working but dropped calls and price are unacceptable
ok I am also looking at your account and you recently upgraded to an iphone 6 but for some reason you are still on a 3 G plan. that could be the source of your issues. I can upgraded you to unlimited calling 4G plan with 10 Gigs of data for $10 less per month. I believe the 4 G will sove your issues
ok I am also looking at your account and you recently upgraded to an iphone 6 but for some reason you are still on a 3 G plan.
that could be the source of your issues.
I can upgraded you to unlimited calling 4G plan with 10 Gigs of data for $10 less per month.
I believe the 4 G will sove your issues
I will try it for a month and see if that helps
there will be no charges associated with this change and no extension of your contract. this is just to put you on the right towers for your smartphone. I do need you to power your phone completely off then power back on to reset it.
there will be no charges associated with this change and no extension of your contract.
this is just to put you on the right towers for your smartphone.
I do need you to power your phone completely off then power back on to reset it.
Ok
you should see a 4G LTE symbol next to ACME when your phone reboots now
Ah cool
Yes
It's there now
ok now try opening safari
Ok
ok if your browser is open it should be moving much faster now.
Seems faster
Ok
It is
ok well I hoped this will resolve some of the issues you are having. the new rate will be applied to your next billing cycle and you  should see the reduction.
ok well I hoped this will resolve some of the issues you are having.
the new rate will be applied to your next billing cycle and you  should see the reduction.
Ok
Thanks for the help and assistance
have a great day and thank you for being a loyal Acme customer
I missed my flight because I was snowed in at the holiday resort I was staying at. I was just able to get ahold of your airline since I was just able to get into the town with workable service. Can you help me get the next available flight?
I missed my flight because I was snowed in at the holiday resort I was staying at.
I was just able to get ahold of your airline since I was just able to get into the town with workable service.
Can you help me get the next available flight?
sure lets see what is available....what is the reservation number?
7732210996
ok yes all flights whave been cancelled from that airport due to icing and snow. so the next flight is available at 7am tomorrow nonstop to Houston.
ok yes all flights whave been cancelled from that airport due to icing and snow.
so the next flight is available at 7am tomorrow nonstop to Houston.
That would be great, I will take it
ok i have you booked non stop to Houston departing at 7am tomorrow. i will email you your new itinerary shortly.
ok i have you booked non stop to Houston departing at 7am tomorrow.
i will email you your new itinerary shortly.
Great thanks!
None of my cable TV channels are working, all I get is a black screen, can you help?
Hi Kevin! oh boy lets see what we can do first let me bring up your account...what is the phone number on the account?
Hi Kevin!
oh boy lets see what we can do first let me bring up your account...what is the phone number on the account?
773-545-2280
ok Kevin it seems like there are some scattered outages in your area. what is your zip code?
ok Kevin it seems like there are some scattered outages in your area.
what is your zip code?
47408, any idea when it will be fixed?
yes your area was affected. we have technicians working on it now. it should be resolved by 5pm tonight.
yes your area was affected.
we have technicians working on it now.
it should be resolved by 5pm tonight.
Awesome thank you for the information
we are sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you so we would like to offer you a month free HBO. As you may know Game of thrones new season started yesterday and you can catch up on old seasons with HBO GO
we are sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you so we would like to offer you a month free HBO.
As you may know Game of thrones new season started yesterday and you can catch up on old seasons with HBO GO
Awesome thank you!
is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that's all thanks
have a great day and enjoy your HBO!
Thanks you too
Ok I ordered a modem and was told it was delivered two days ago
Never saw it on my front orch
Porch
Waited 48 hours
Still nothing
Haven't heard from you or from delivery company
This is why I asked for signature on delivery
ok let me see what is going on with that. what is the phone number on the account?
ok let me see what is going on with that.
what is the phone number on the account?
Thx
what is the phone number on the account?
571-723-6478
ok it seems UPS states they delivered but the driver didnt capture a signature so we are going to open a claim against UPS and I will send you out a new modem overnight via fedex. it should arrive by 5pm tomorrow. I will email you the tracking information as soon as it is generated.
ok it seems UPS states they delivered but the driver didnt capture a signature so we are going to open a claim against UPS and I will send you out a new modem overnight via fedex.
it should arrive by 5pm tomorrow.
I will email you the tracking information as soon as it is generated.
Thank you!
At least I'm not in limbo on this
Im very sorry someone didnt follow up with you but i assure you it will be delivered via Fedex. if you have any issues you can call me directly ay 800 555 1212 x523 my name is Tonya.
Im very sorry someone didnt follow up with you but i assure you it will be delivered via Fedex.
if you have any issues you can call me directly ay 800 555 1212 x523 my name is Tonya.
Ok
Thanks for your help
I ordered an Internet modem and I checked the tracking, it says it was delivered to my front door and signed for. However when I got home I did not see the package, please help!
I ordered an Internet modem and I checked the tracking, it says it was delivered to my front door and signed for.
However when I got home I did not see the package, please help!
ok lets see what we can do...what is the phone number on the account?
773-545-2280
ok it shows delivered by USPS but it is only 409pm and they have until 8 pm to deliver. So if you didnt receive a signature notice on your door it still may be out with carrier
ok it shows delivered by USPS but it is only 409pm and they have until 8 pm to deliver.
So if you didnt receive a signature notice on your door it still may be out with carrier
It said someone signed for it when I tracked it
But it's not here
ok let me open a ticket with USPS. but they do have until 8pm to deliver. if not delivered by 8pm then I can file a cliaim and ship anew one out via fedex overnight.
ok let me open a ticket with USPS.
but they do have until 8pm to deliver.
if not delivered by 8pm then I can file a cliaim and ship anew one out via fedex overnight.
Ok sounds good
ok I have a ticket open. please call after 8pm we are open until 11pm Eastern time. if you havent received your package i can escalate the ticket right away. my direct line is 800 555 1212 xt 567
ok I have a ticket open.
please call after 8pm we are open until 11pm Eastern time.
if you havent received your package i can escalate the ticket right away.
my direct line is 800 555 1212 xt 567
Ok great, I Will do that, thanks
have a great day
You too bye
Hi. I can't get any channels on my TV. Is the cable out in my area?
Hi.
I can't get any channels on my TV.
Is the cable out in my area?
lets see! what is your phone number on the account?
lets see!
what is your phone number on the account?
555-202-5454
yes I am showing outages in your area. can you just make sure all your connects from wall to box and box to tv are all tight and secure?
yes I am showing outages in your area.
can you just make sure all your connects from wall to box and box to tv are all tight and secure?
Yes they are
ok and find the input button on your remote and make sure it is set to HDMI please
Lol. Had it set to cable. All good now
Lol.
Had it set to cable.
All good now
Ok great!! is there anything else I can help you with today??
Ok great!!
is there anything else I can help you with today?
?
That's all thanks
Hi! None of my cable channels are working! What is going on????
Hi!
None of my cable channels are working!
What is going on???
?
HI Peter I am sorry your cable isnt working lets see what we can do. first what is the phone number on the account
HI Peter I am sorry your cable isnt working lets see what we can do.
first what is the phone number on the account
Ok one sec
523-906-9000
ok Peter i am showing there are no outages in your area so lets do some trouble shooting. please check and make sure both tv and cable box are plugged in and powered on and all wires from wall to box and box to tv are tight and secure
ok Peter i am showing there are no outages in your area so lets do some trouble shooting.
please check and make sure both tv and cable box are plugged in and powered on and all wires from wall to box and box to tv are tight and secure
Ok
Looks like it's all good
ah a simple fix. glad to hear its working. sometimes those wires come loose. can i help you with anything else today?
ah a simple fix.
glad to hear its working.
sometimes those wires come loose.
can i help you with anything else today?
No that's it thanks!
have a great day!
Hi!   None of my cable channels are working can you please help??
Hi!
None of my cable channels are working can you please help?
?
Hi Peter. lets pull up your account and make sure there arent any outages in your area what is the phone number on the account?
Hi Peter.
lets pull up your account and make sure there arent any outages in your area what is the phone number on the account?
5185983377
ok there are no outages in your area so lets do some trouble shooting and see if we can get you working
please make sure all connect from box to wall and box to tv are tight and secure and tv and box are both plugged in
Okay what should I try?
please make sure all connect from box to wall and box to tv are tight and secure and tv and box are both plugged in
Oh thanks I see I had a plug loose and they are working now!
Awesome! Glad you are working again. is there anything lse I can help you with today
Awesome!
Glad you are working again.
is there anything lse I can help you with today
No that's it thank you
I'm having problems with my cable. None of the channels are working
I'm having problems with my cable.
None of the channels are working
Hi EMily lets look and make sure there arent any outages. what is the phone number on the account?
Hi EMily lets look and make sure there arent any outages.
what is the phone number on the account?
565-566-6676
ok it seems we have some outages in your area. what is your zip code?
ok it seems we have some outages in your area.
what is your zip code?
90210
ok its not in your grid but lets just make sure everything is working onside your home.
Ok
please make sure your box and tv are both plugged in and on.
They are
also check the wire from wall to box and box to tv and make sure they are tight and secure
Wires look goid
Good
ok now find the input on your remote nad make sure it is set to HDMI
It's on hdmi
is the tv guide popping up?
No it's just a blank screen
ok click that input button again to any other hdmi ports just in case your cable is plugged into another port
All of the hdmi modes are blank except the one with my bluray player
ok I can open a ticket for you and have a technician come out tomorrow at 8am. willthere be someone home to receive the tech?
ok I can open a ticket for you and have a technician come out tomorrow at 8am.
willthere be someone home to receive the tech?
Yea I will be here
ok great i have opened a service call for you for tomorrow at 8am
Ok thanks
have a great night
I recently ordered an Internet modem and selected a signature be required upon delivery.
However I got a notification it was delivered when I was away
And I do not see it
ok let me look up your account. what is the phone number on the account?
ok let me look up your account.
what is the phone number on the account?
555-264-8283
ok i am showing it was marked delivered by UPS but no signature was captured. we require signatures on all electronic deliveries. so i will open a ticket for a claim and send a new on e overnight express
ok i am showing it was marked delivered by UPS but no signature was captured.
we require signatures on all electronic deliveries.
so i will open a ticket for a claim and send a new on e overnight express
Ok great
you should get it tomorrow by 5 pm
Perfect. Thanks
Perfect.
Thanks
I want to cancel my cell phone contract, I constantly get terrible service and dropped calls, I also pay to much for the service and ACME turned my service off by mistake due to a billing error on your end, I am very upset and want out of my contract
ok let me pull up your account and see what what we can do
Ok
what is the phone number on account?
773-545-2280
ok Kevin i see you just upgraded to an iphone 6. so those charges were prorated since you changed in middle of billing cycle
but i also see that they didnt change you from 3G to 4G service when you upgraded from yourGLide phone. SO that may be the source of your issues
but i also see that they didnt change you from 3G to 4G service when you upgraded from yourGLide phone.
SO that may be the source of your issues
Ok can you upgrade me to 4G? I will give that a try
Ok can you upgrade me to 4G?
I will give that a try
yes i can. as a matter of fact the 4G iphone plan has more data and is $10 cheaper than your current plan.
yes i can.
as a matter of fact the 4G iphone plan has more data and is $10 cheaper than your current plan.
Ok perfect, I will try that out
ok I have made the change. but you need to reset your phone so please power phone completely off and restart. and you should see the 4G LTE symbol next to ACME when it reboots
ok I have made the change.
but you need to reset your phone so please power phone completely off and restart.
and you should see the 4G LTE symbol next to ACME when it reboots
Ok great, I will do that and try it out, thanks for the help
your welcome! have a great night and thank you for being a loyal ACME customer
your welcome!
have a great night and thank you for being a loyal ACME customer
Thanks bye
Hello, I ordered a new modem online. Earlier I got notice the package was delivered at my door. When I got home there was no package. The package was supposed to be signed for. What happened???
Hello, I ordered a new modem online.
Earlier I got notice the package was delivered at my door.
When I got home there was no package.
The package was supposed to be signed for.
What happened??
?
Help!
Hey Peter, could you please provide me with your address details?
Sure
3797 Maud Street, Willmington, DE 19801
Thank you, standby while I look what is going on in the system
Ok thanks
ok it seem according to the system your package was left at the front door, where it clearly was not suppose to.
Ok
What I will need to do is create a ticket which will be used for further investigating into this matter. A agent will contact you once we have the outcome of this investigation.
What I will need to do is create a ticket which will be used for further investigating into this matter.
A agent will contact you once we have the outcome of this investigation.
Ok sounds goid
Good
Ok the ticket has been created, a Agent should contact you within the next 24 hours.
Oj
Lol
Ok
Great, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope
Great, have a good day.
Thanks
My cable channels aren't working
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear. Let me try and assist you. When did this problem begin?
Hey Kevin, I am sorry to hear.
Let me try and assist you.
When did this problem begin?
Just now.  I'm getting nothing on the tv
Just now.
I'm getting nothing on the tv
Could you provide me with either your account number/ cellphone number or address details please?
2794 conaway st. Bloomington IN 47408
Thank you Kevin. Let me pull up the information and see what is going on.
Thank you Kevin.
Let me pull up the information and see what is going on.
OK I have your details in front of me. Would it be ok if I authorize a reset from my side?
OK I have your details in front of me.
Would it be ok if I authorize a reset from my side?
Normally this helps to resolve the problem.
Certainly
Ok I have issued the reset request. You should see some flickering on your side. Let me know once you system has returned to normal.
Ok I have issued the reset request.
You should see some flickering on your side.
Let me know once you system has returned to normal.
Ok my channels are back!
Great:)
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that should be all. Thanks!
No that should be all.
Thanks!
Great, have a good day.
I need some help. Just turned on TV for first time today and all channels are dead
I need some help.
Just turned on TV for first time today and all channels are dead
ok first what is the account phone number so i can pull it up
703-773-6478
ok it seems we have some outages  in your area but lets make sure everything is how is how it should be
please make sure all wires from wall to box and box to tv are tight and secure and tv AND box are both plugged into outlet
Ok all connections are good
ok find the input button on the remote and make sure tv is set to hdmi please
Ok
Done
Hello?
Sorry got disconnected
there you are!
ok please find the input button on remote and make sure that tv is on hdmi
Got it
Yes
is the tv guide popping up?
There it is
great! tv must be set to hdmi. probably hit button on remote by mistake.
great!
tv must be set to hdmi.
probably hit button on remote by mistake.
Ok yes
Good to go
!
have a great night
Good afternoon. I wish to cancel my cell service.
Good afternoon.
I wish to cancel my cell service.
Hey Josh, I am sorry to hear you are unhappy with our service.
I will be able to help you cancel your service. Please provide me with the primary account holders cellphone number
I will be able to help you cancel your service.
Please provide me with the primary account holders cellphone number
Yes. Calls constantly drop and the monthly bill is Wayyyyy to high.
Yes.
Calls constantly drop and the monthly bill is Wayyyyy to high.
555-202-6577
Thank you Josh. Let me just check what is going on in your account and give you the details regarding the cancelation procedures.
Thank you Josh.
Let me just check what is going on in your account and give you the details regarding the cancelation procedures.
Ok
It seems you have still got 8 months on your iPhone contact. What we can do is waive the cancelation fee and only charge you for the remainder of the iPhone costs.
It seems you have still got 8 months on your iPhone contact.
What we can do is waive the cancelation fee and only charge you for the remainder of the iPhone costs.
Is this acceptable?
The remainder totals to $120
Yeah that works
Standby while I process the cancelation.
K
Ok your cancelation has been processed, you will be receiving information via the mail
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all
Again, I am sorry to see you go. But have a great day.
Again, I am sorry to see you go.
But have a great day.
I ordered a new modem and received a track notice today that it was delivered but when I got home from work I can't find it anywhere
ok let me pull up your account and see if i can track it. what is your phone number associated with the account?
ok let me pull up your account and see if i can track it.
what is your phone number associated with the account?
564-643-6843
ok i am showing it is being sent via USPS and they have until 8 p to deliver
Oh ok. I will wait until then
Oh ok.
I will wait until then
if it isnt delivered please call me back driectly and i will escalate a claim my direct number is 888 555 1212 xt 456
Ok great. Thanks!
Ok great.
Thanks!
I contacted you guys about 48 hours ago about my missing package with my internet modem. I haven't heard anything since, can I get some help on this?
I contacted you guys about 48 hours ago about my missing package with my internet modem.
I haven't heard anything since, can I get some help on this?
yes let me see what i can do. what is the phone number on the account?
yes let me see what i can do.
what is the phone number on the account?
773-545-2280
ok i am showing it is due to arrive by 8 pm tonight via USPS even though it says it was delivered they have until 8pm
That was 2 days ago, I still never got it, can I get it replaced?
yes i can file a claim after 8 pm its only 4:45pm so I cannot open a claim without allowing the full window for them to deliver.
Ok, I will check back after 8pm then
Thank you
Hi. I ordered a package and its says its delivered but there is no package here. I ordered signature required for delivery!!!
Hi.
I ordered a package and its says its delivered but there is no package here.
I ordered signature required for delivery!!
!
ok let me pull up your account what is phone number associated with account?
7163522001
ok I am showing it was delivered via UPS but they didnt get a signature.
so i am going to open a cliam and send a new modem out via FEDEX and you should receive by 5 pm tomorrow
Ok that would be perfect!
Hi! I am so tired of ACME! I want to cancel my cell contract. There are so many problems.
Hi!
I am so tired of ACME!
I want to cancel my cell contract.
There are so many problems.
The service is rotten, calls are always dropping, service quits, really fed up!!
The service is rotten, calls are always dropping, service quits, really fed up!
!
I am sorry to hear that you are unhappy with our service.
Thanks
Let me help you resolve this as soon as possible.
Could you provide me with the cellphone number of the primary account holder?
Sure
523-906-9000
Thank you, standby while  I pull up the account information.
Ok
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract. Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract.
Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
What! No, I won't pay it!
What!
No, I won't pay it!
I am sorry Peter, but that is the fee to cancel the contact. Taking into account how unhappy you are, could I convince you to stay with ACME if we provide you a 10% discount per month on your remaining bill?
I am sorry Peter, but that is the fee to cancel the contact.
Taking into account how unhappy you are, could I convince you to stay with ACME if we provide you a 10% discount per month on your remaining bill?
Can you do better than that?
Sorry Peter, but I believe that is the best I can currently do.
Ok, I'll do that until my contract is over....
Great news:) Let me just authorize this discount.
Ok thanks!
OK it has been done. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
OK it has been done.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Was a pleasure helping you, have a great day.
Is like to file a complaint about the modem I ordered
Got a msg that it was delivered but when I got home it was gone
I asked for signature on delivery!
ok lets see what i can do. what is the phone number on the account so i can try and track the package?
ok lets see what i can do.
what is the phone number on the account so i can try and track the package?
703-773-6478
ok i show it was delivered by UPS but they didnt get a signature so that is their fault
i am going to file a claim and send a new one out via FEDEX
Thanks
ok it should arrive by 5 pm tomorrow
Great
Hi I ordered a modem from you guys and I had a notification it was delivered today which is weird because I specifically requested it be signed for and I obviously wasn't there. When I got home the modem is nowhere to be seen.
Hi I ordered a modem from you guys and I had a notification it was delivered today which is weird because I specifically requested it be signed for and I obviously wasn't there.
When I got home the modem is nowhere to be seen.
ok lets look up your account and see if i can track your package>? what is the phone number on the account?
ok lets look up your account and see if i can track your package>?
what is the phone number on the account?
5185983378
ok i pulled up your account. it appears it is beign delivered by UPSPS. they have until 8 pm to deliver and it is currently 4:45pm
ok i pulled up your account.
it appears it is beign delivered by UPSPS.
they have until 8 pm to deliver and it is currently 4:45pm
No it actually says it was delivered online?
Is that not correct?
yes it may be still out with a carrier they mark it delivered when carrier takes it out post office
Oh okay sorry. Didn't know that. Thank you for your help.
Oh okay sorry.
Didn't know that.
Thank you for your help.
no problem if it doesnt arrive by 8pm please call me back direct we are open until 11pm at 888 555 1212 ext 567 and i will escalate the claim
Cool thank you
I need to cancel my phone service. Calls are dropping and you charge wayyyy too much
I need to cancel my phone service.
Calls are dropping and you charge wayyyy too much
ok lets look at your account. what is the cell phone number?
ok lets look at your account.
what is the cell phone number?
7163522001
i see you just upgraded to an iphone 6 and are on a 900 minute per month 3G plan
they should have upgraded you to a 4G plan for such a powerful smartphone.
i can upgrade you to an unlimited plan for $10 less per month and the 4G should solve the dropped call problem
Hmm. Ok that sounds fair
Hmm.
Ok that sounds fair
ok there is no additional charges for the change and wont change you contract length at all. this should have been changed when you upgraded last month.
ok there is no additional charges for the change and wont change you contract length at all.
this should have been changed when you upgraded last month.
Thank you
just power your phone completely off and back on to reset and you shoudl see the change right away with the 4G LTE symbol next to ACME on your iphone
Got it
great anything else i can help you with today?
That will be it
thank you for being a loyal acme customer
Thanks
Hello. I was supposed to have been contacted about a missing delivery but haven't heard back in a few days
Hello.
I was supposed to have been contacted about a missing delivery but haven't heard back in a few days
ok lets look up you account and see whats happening
Ok
what is the phone number on the acount?
555-246-1234
ok I am seeing the package was delivered by UPS but they didnt get a signature.
so lets open a claim since they were supposed to get a signature and I will send a new one out reight away via fedex
Ok. Any charge to me?
no it is UPS fault there is no charge to you
Ok
ok so i opened a claim and new modem will be delivered by 5pm tomorrow via fedex
Awesome
I'd like to find out about canceling my phone contract
Too many drops
Too expensive
And a billing prob last month
Lost service for a day
Hey Peter, Let me assist you with canceling your contract
Could you provide me with your cellphone number?
703-773-6478
Thank you, stand by while I pull up your information.
Thx
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract. Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract.
Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
New carrier says they'll reimburse me so that's fine
Instead of making them reimburse you, what I can do is make a ticket saying you plan to transfer. Then when they contact us to transfer your number we will be able to streamline the process. How does that sound?
Instead of making them reimburse you, what I can do is make a ticket saying you plan to transfer.
Then when they contact us to transfer your number we will be able to streamline the process.
How does that sound?
I would accept that
Great, let me get everything ready on our side, then when you transfer everything will be very smooth for you.
Ok
Appreciate the effort
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No
Thanks
Have a great day.
Thx
I've been having a lot of problems with my cell service lately and want to cancel my contract
Hey Emily, I will be able to assist you with canceling your cellphone contract. Please provide me with your cellphone number
Hey Emily, I will be able to assist you with canceling your cellphone contract.
Please provide me with your cellphone number
634-474-6633
Thank you, stand by while I pull up your information.
Thank you, stand by while I pull up your information.
Ok
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract. Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
OK I have the information in front of me, it seems you have 11 months remaining on this contract.
Taking cancelation frees into account it will cost you roughly $650 to terminate this contract
Can we do something to lower that? The only reason I'm canceling is bc I'm having so many dropped calls
Can we do something to lower that?
The only reason I'm canceling is bc I'm having so many dropped calls
Are these dropped calls occurring at a specific location or just in general?
Mostly at my house
Would you be interested in trying a cellular booster? This should help improve the reception at your house?
Would you be interested in trying a cellular booster?
This should help improve the reception at your house?
I'm willing to try it
Great, I will place an order for it to delivered and setup at your house within the next 2 working days.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
No that's all. Thanks
No that's all.
Thanks
Great, was a pleasure helping you. Have a good day.
Great, was a pleasure helping you.
Have a good day.
Hi. I contacted you a couple days ago about a missing delivery. I am upset I didn't hear back! I need this fixed now!
Hi.
I contacted you a couple days ago about a missing delivery.
I am upset I didn't hear back!
I need this fixed now!
Help please!!!
Help please!!
!
ok lets see how i can help. what is the phone number on the account?
ok lets see how i can help.
what is the phone number on the account?
523-906-9000
ok so you never got the delivery and ups says they delivered but they didnt get a signature. so i am going to file a claim now and send another modem out via fedex overnight to you.
ok so you never got the delivery and ups says they delivered but they didnt get a signature.
so i am going to file a claim now and send another modem out via fedex overnight to you.
Ok thanks!
Hi. I inquired about a missing package 2 days ago. It's been 48 hrs and I haven't heard anything!
Hi.
I inquired about a missing package 2 days ago.
It's been 48 hrs and I haven't heard anything!
ok lets see how i can help. what is the phone number on the account?
ok lets see how i can help.
what is the phone number on the account?
7163522001
ok i pulled up your account and it was to be delivered via UPS and they didnt capture signature so its their fault. so i will open a claim now and send you a new one via fedex
ok i pulled up your account and it was to be delivered via UPS and they didnt capture signature so its their fault.
so i will open a claim now and send you a new one via fedex
Ok that should resolve the problem
im very sorry someone didnt get back to you but my direct line is 888 555 1212 ext 567. your modem should be delivered by 5 pm tomorrow
Thank you
Hi. I had problems with a modem delivery and was told I'd hear something in a day.
Hi.
I had problems with a modem delivery and was told I'd hear something in a day.
Has been 48 hours now and nothing
ok let me see hwat i can do to help. what is the phone number on the account?
ok let me see hwat i can do to help.
what is the phone number on the account?
My phone is 703-773-6478
Ticket I was emailed for this case is 617662
yes i pulled up your order and it was supposed to arrive via UPS and they marked it delivered but didnt capture a signature.
Right
ok so here is what we can do. i will escalate this and file a claim against them. its their fault for not getting signature and i am going to send a new one out via Fedex overnight to you
ok so here is what we can do.
i will escalate this and file a claim against them.
its their fault for not getting signature and i am going to send a new one out via Fedex overnight to you
That will help
I appreciate you escalating this and helping out
have a great night. if you have any further issues i can be reached direct at 8885551212 ext 567 my name is tonya
have a great night.
if you have any further issues i can be reached direct at 8885551212 ext 567 my name is tonya
Thank you!
Hi I am looking to cancel my cell phone contract. I am constantly dropping calls and I feel I am paying way too much for this service.
Hi I am looking to cancel my cell phone contract.
I am constantly dropping calls and I feel I am paying way too much for this service.
Between this and your billing error last month I am really not satisfied.
ok let me see how i can help. what is the cell phone number?
ok let me see how i can help.
what is the cell phone number?
5185983378
ok i see you are using a Galaxy 5 cell phone and recently upgreaded
it looks like your last phone was not a smart phone and they didnt swithch you from a 3G to a 4G plan. that could be the source of your issues
it looks like your last phone was not a smart phone and they didnt swithch you from a 3G to a 4G plan.
that could be the source of your issues
so I can switch you plan to the correct one now at now charge and actually the 4G plans are on special the month of APril unlimited calling and text with 5Gigs of data for $10 less per month than what you are paying now
Okay I'll try that for a couple months and see if the service improves.
i do belive you will se an improvement on the 4G network. please power off your phone completely and then restart and you will se the change right away and see 4G LTE symbol next to ACME
i do belive you will se an improvement on the 4G network.
please power off your phone completely and then restart and you will se the change right away and see 4G LTE symbol next to ACME
Okay thanks will do.
Thanks for  your help
have a great day
I contacted you about a missing modem delivery on Friday and I still haven't heard anything in reply
Hi Emily. let me pull up your account and see what is happening
Hi Emily.
let me pull up your account and see what is happening
I contacted you about my missing modem delivery on Friday and I haven't heard anything back yet
what is the phone number on the account?
I contacted you about a missing delivery on Friday and I haven't heard anything back yet
what is the phone number on the account?
654-664-7634
ok it looks like it was shipped via UPS and they didnt get a signature so they were supposed to on all electronics. i can file a claim and get a new one shipped out today via fedex and should arrive by 5pm tomorrow
ok it looks like it was shipped via UPS and they didnt get a signature so they were supposed to on all electronics.
i can file a claim and get a new one shipped out today via fedex and should arrive by 5pm tomorrow
Ok cool. Thanks
Ok cool.
Thanks
Hi I contacted you earlier about a missing modem.  It still hasn't been delivered even though it says on the website that it was.
Hi I contacted you earlier about a missing modem.
It still hasn't been delivered even though it says on the website that it was.
ok let me pull up your account and see what is happening
what is the phone number associated witht the account?
5185983378
ok i have pulled up your account and I see you called in 2 days ago about a missing modem package
Yup
we filied an inquiry and UPS failed to get a signature. so at this point we can file a claim and I will send you a new modem via Overnight Fedex
we filied an inquiry and UPS failed to get a signature.
so at this point we can file a claim and I will send you a new modem via Overnight Fedex
Okay perfect thank you
ok great you should have it by 5pm tomorrw and if you have any issues you can call me direct at 88855512121 ext 567
Thanks so much.
Pp
Pp
P
Pp
P
P
I recently moved and need to update my address and place an order for new installation.
Hello?
I recently moved and need to update my address with my internet provider and schedule a new installation.
I am sorry, you seems to have joined after we shut down for the day. Please submit the hit, we will gladly accept the hit:)
I am sorry, you seems to have joined after we shut down for the day.
Please submit the hit, we will gladly accept the hit:)
Sup
Hey there.
Hello
I moved to a new apartment so I need to update my address and schedule installation
Hi Emily . I will be happy to assist you with that
Hi Emily .
I will be happy to assist you with that
Ok cool
What is your new address?
162 haywood rd Orlando FL 42373
Great , give me a second while I update our system with your new address
Ok
In the meantime, when would be a good time for your installation?
Any weekday after 3
Great. I've updated your address. Let me see when is the next available appointment
Great.
I've updated your address.
Let me see when is the next available appointment
How about tomorrow at 5pm?
That works
Great ! The installation guy will arrive then . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great !
The installation guy will arrive then .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it. Thanks.
No that's it.
Thanks.
Great, have a good day!
My cell service stopped working and unfortunately it happened on a bad day as I have a lot of things to do today for work. Can you help me fix this?
My cell service stopped working and unfortunately it happened on a bad day as I have a lot of things to do today for work.
Can you help me fix this?
Hi Emily, absolutely
Thanks
Can you please verify your phone number?
464-474-5711
Great , just a second as I look up your account number
It looks like your last payment was declined.
Uh oh. Can we try again?
Uh oh.
Can we try again?
Should I retry the credit card you have on file?
Yea it should work
Great, let me give that a try now
Ok
Great , that went through . Your is back in good standing , and service should be re-enabled within 5-10 minutes.
Great , that went through .
Your is back in good standing , and service should be re-enabled within 5-10 minutes.
Ok cool. Thanks
Ok cool.
Thanks
anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks
Great, have a good one!
Hi, my cell service is not working now. I am using wifi right now but can't use it but for a few hrs. I have a lot o do today on my phone can you see what's going on
Hi, my cell service is not working now.
I am using wifi right now but can't use it but for a few hrs.
I have a lot o do today on my phone can you see what's going on
Hi Kevin , I will be happy to help you with this
Great
Can you please verify your phone number?
5142234778
Great , just a second as I look up your account
It looks like your last payment was declined
Hmm... No clue why, I have plenty of money on my card
Should we just try and recharge the card on file?
Yes it should go through fine
Great, let me try that now
Alright
Great, that went through. Your is back in good standing, and service should be re-enabled within 5-10 minutes.
Great, that went through.
Your is back in good standing, and service should be re-enabled within 5-10 minutes.
Thanks so much
Anything else I can help you with today?
That's all
Great, have a good one!
Hi, I recently moved into a new apartment and need to order installation for new internet service here.
Great
Let me help you with that.  What is your name and your new address?
Let me help you with that.
What is your name and your new address?
Patricia Southern 4721 Hickory Lane, Hamden, CT 06473
Great Patricia , please hold while I input that into the system
Ok
Great Patricia I added your address to the system.  When would be a good time to install the new system?
Great Patricia I added your address to the system.
When would be a good time to install the new system?
Tomorrow
Mornig
Morning
Tomorrow Morning would work great
Okay thank you
Please provide an email address you can use for receipt of this transaction
Patriciamam@gmail.com
Great I'll input that into the system and confirm that you are receiving your new internet installation tomorrow morning
Just one more moment so I can get your confirmation number
Ok
Here it is . Your confirmation number is 6987 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Here it is .
Your confirmation number is 6987 .
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all thank you
Great thank you.  Consider this is resolved.
Great thank you.
Consider this is resolved.
Hi I moved to a new house and need an acme rep to come out and install my new cable pls
Hello William . Totally , I will help you with that
Hello William .
Totally , I will help you with that
Thanks!
What is your new address?
3165 Lucy Ln   Terre Haute, IN 47808
Alright, give me a sec while I update your address
You said you need help with the installation: when will be a good day for us to come by?
How about Saturday around lunch?
Sure, we should have times available for Saturday. Just a moment
Sure, we should have times available for Saturday.
Just a moment
Alright, I've updated your address in our system.
Alright
Yup, it looks like we could come by at 2PM on Saturday. Does that work?
Yup, it looks like we could come by at 2PM on Saturday.
Does that work?
Works fine ty
Great . We will arrive around 2PM . Anything else I can help you with today?
Great .
We will arrive around 2PM .
Anything else I can help you with today?
That's all thanks
Thanks William - have a good one!
I ordered a new modem and I received a tracking notice that it was delivered today and left at my door. But when I got home I don't see it.
I ordered a new modem and I received a tracking notice that it was delivered today and left at my door.
But when I got home I don't see it.
Hello Emily, sorry to here that.  I can help you get this resolved
Hello Emily, sorry to here that.
I can help you get this resolved
Ok
What is your account number
64233633
Great thank you.  Please give  me a second to update the system and pull up your account inforamtion.
Great thank you.
Please give  me a second to update the system and pull up your account inforamtion.
Ok
I looked at your account and saw that the delivery man did deliver a package however I see where the issue is.  Please verify your full address.
I looked at your account and saw that the delivery man did deliver a package however I see where the issue is.
Please verify your full address.
12 rodeo drive Beverly Hills CA 90210
Thats where the problem is.  The delivery man delivered your package to 21 Rodeo.  We will send a new package out in the morning to the correct address.
Thats where the problem is.
The delivery man delivered your package to 21 Rodeo.
We will send a new package out in the morning to the correct address.
Ok. Thanks for your help.
Ok.
Thanks for your help.
No problem . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No problem .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
consider this resolved then.  Have a great day.
consider this resolved then.
Have a great day.
Do I've been having a lot of trouble with acme cell service. Dropped calls, bad service, and paying way too much... I'd like to cancel
Do I've been having a lot of trouble with acme cell service.
Dropped calls, bad service, and paying way too much...
I'd like to cancel
Hey, I'm sorry to hear that Peter. I'll definitely help you with that
Hey, I'm sorry to hear that Peter.
I'll definitely help you with that
To get started , can you please tell me the phone number on your account?
6738511147
Great, thanks. Let me see what I can do here to help you out. One moment please
Great, thanks.
Let me see what I can do here to help you out.
One moment please
I need a discount and problems fixed or just to cancel
Absolutely. How long have you had problems for
Absolutely.
How long have you had problems for
6 months
Yeah, that's a long time to have issues. I'm sorry to hear that
Yeah, that's a long time to have issues.
I'm sorry to hear that
Yep
Ok, here's what I can do. I can give you a retroactive discount of 20% for the past 6 months, for a total of $108. This could be applied towards your two upcoming bill payments.
Ok, here's what I can do.
I can give you a retroactive discount of 20% for the past 6 months, for a total of $108.
This could be applied towards your two upcoming bill payments.
How does that sound?
We are also in the process of rolling out network upgrades across the nation, and so you should be seeing service improvements in the coming months
Sound good and hope to see it improved. Thanks
Sound good and hope to see it improved.
Thanks
Great, I've applied the discount towards your account - you should see it reflected on your upcoming two bills. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, I've applied the discount towards your account - you should see it reflected on your upcoming two bills.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all thanks
Thanks for sticking with us. Have a good day!
Thanks for sticking with us.
Have a good day!
Hi, my internet just suddenly stopped working and I really need this resolved fast.
Hi Particia. Let me see what I can do
Hi Particia.
Let me see what I can do
The fastest check would be for you to restart your modem. Can you try that please?
The fastest check would be for you to restart your modem.
Can you try that please?
Yes it still doesn't worj
Work
Ok, I will send a reset signal to your modem now. It will take about 30 seconds. Hang tight
Ok, I will send a reset signal to your modem now.
It will take about 30 seconds.
Hang tight
Ok
Ok, does it work for you now?
Yes it is
Thank you
Excelent ! I am very happy to hear that . anything else I can help you with today?
Excelent !
I am very happy to hear that .
anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all
Great, have a good day Patricia.
Hi, I placed an order for a new modem last week and it was supposed to be delivered with a signature only however when i was at work I received a confirmation email of delivery but when I got home there was no modem anywhere.
Hi Patricia. I'm sorry, but we just closed for the day. Please check back tomorrow.
Hi Patricia.
I'm sorry, but we just closed for the day.
Please check back tomorrow.
Hi, I have a problem with a package not being delivered.
I was snowed in at my resort and I missed my flight yesterday. Can you book me on the next available flight?
I was snowed in at my resort and I missed my flight yesterday.
Can you book me on the next available flight?
Sorry for the delay. We are currently closed.
Sorry for the delay.
We are currently closed.
Hi. My cell service has stopped all of a sudden
Hi.
My cell service has stopped all of a sudden
Sorry for the delay. We are currently closed.
Sorry for the delay.
We are currently closed.
I moved to a new house so I need to update my address and I also need to schedule installation because I don't have cabling installed in my home office
Good day, I can surely assist you
Ok thanks
May I please have your  new address
36 Lincoln ST charlotte nc 28227
Can I please have your state
North Carolina
Thank you so much for the information
May I please have a second just to see if the address is serviceable?
Sure
I see the address is serviceable
Great
I have updated the database with your new address. Will it possible that we can install on 4222015?
I have updated the database with your new address.
Will it possible that we can install on 4222015?
Yea that will work
What time will they be here?
Thank you so much. Will there be somebody home at 09:00AM?
Thank you so much.
Will there be somebody home at 09:00AM?
Yea 9 is good
Thank you I have scheduled the installation. Is therre anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you I have scheduled the installation.
Is therre anything else I can assist you with?
No that's all. Thanks
No that's all.
Thanks
Thank you so much for contacting Customer Service, Have a nice day.
Hello, I have recently moved and would like to change the address on my account. I also need Internet installed at my new address. Thank you!
Hello, I have recently moved and would like to change the address on my account.
I also need Internet installed at my new address.
Thank you!
Good day, I can certainly assist you with that. May I have your new street, apartment number as well as your Zip and state?
Good day, I can certainly assist you with that.
May I have your new street, apartment number as well as your Zip and state?
2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you so much for the information. I have updated the system with your new address. Please give me a second to verify that the address is serviceable.
Thank you so much for the information.
I have updated the system with your new address.
Please give me a second to verify that the address is serviceable.
I see the address is serviceable. Will it suit you if we install on Thursday?
I see the address is serviceable.
Will it suit you if we install on Thursday?
Yes that will work
Will 09:00 AM suit you?
Yes!
Thank you will there be somebody home?
Yes
Thank you, I have scheduled the installation. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you, I have scheduled the installation.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you
Thank you for contacting Customer Service, have a nice day.
Thank you
My cell phone service isn't working. Unfortunately I have a lot of work calls to make today. Can you help me get this fixed?
My cell phone service isn't working.
Unfortunately I have a lot of work calls to make today.
Can you help me get this fixed?
I will ceratinly be able to assist you with that.
Ok cool
May I please have your cell number?
464-367-8987
Sorry for the delay. I do see the last payment were unsuccesfull. Will it possible for me to re-bill the card?
Sorry for the delay.
I do see the last payment were unsuccesfull.
Will it possible for me to re-bill the card?
Yes that's fine
Thank you. I have re-billed the card and the payment was successful.  Your service is reactivated, it will take between 5 and 10 minutes for you to use the system.
Thank you.
I have re-billed the card and the payment was successful.
Your service is reactivated, it will take between 5 and 10 minutes for you to use the system.
Ok cool. Thanks
Ok cool.
Thanks
Is tehre any else I can assist you with?
That's all
Thank you for contacting Customer Service, have a nice day.
Thanks. You too
Thanks.
You too
Hello, my cell phone service has stopped working. I have several important phone calls that I need to do today. Can you determine the problem please?
Hello, my cell phone service has stopped working.
I have several important phone calls that I need to do today.
Can you determine the problem please?
Hello, I can certainly assist you with that.
Ca please have your cell number?
5558163795
Thank you so much for the information. May I have a second just to look up your account?
Thank you so much for the information.
May I have a second just to look up your account?
Yes
Thank you for waiting. I see that the last payment were declined. Is it possible that I can re-bill that card now?
Thank you for waiting.
I see that the last payment were declined.
Is it possible that I can re-bill that card now?
Yes
I have re-billed your account and the payment was succesfull, your service has been reactivated, it usually takes 5 - 10 minutes. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I have re-billed your account and the payment was succesfull, your service has been reactivated, it usually takes 5 - 10 minutes.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you
I ordered a new modem last week and got an email from ups today that it was left at my front door. But when I got home from work just now the package isn't here
I ordered a new modem last week and got an email from ups today that it was left at my front door.
But when I got home from work just now the package isn't here
Hello, I am so sorry to hear that. I will assist you.
Hello, I am so sorry to hear that.
I will assist you.
Ok
May I ask ha ve a note been left at the door?
No I don't see a note
I'm so sorry to hear that. May I please have your address?
I'm so sorry to hear that.
May I please have your address?
464 spring street Baltimore MD 37261
Thank you so much for hte information
I have verified the address, it corresponds to the address we have on our system. The notes state that the package was left at the door.
I have verified the address, it corresponds to the address we have on our system.
The notes state that the package was left at the door.
I looked all around and can't find it
I will open ticket of inquiry so that the matter can be further investigated; we will be contact you when the investigation is complete.
Ok thanks
Someone will call me?
The investigation process typically takes 24  hours and if have not heard from us within 24hour please contact backus again.
Ok. Will do
Anything else I can assist you with?
That's it
Thank you for contacting Customer Service have a nice day
Hello, I recently placed an order and I received a notification that the item was delivered today. When I went home the package was not there and I told you that I wanted the item to have signature confirmation. I need to know what the problem is.
Hello, I recently placed an order and I received a notification that the item was delivered today.
When I went home the package was not there and I told you that I wanted the item to have signature confirmation.
I need to know what the problem is.
Hello, I am so sorry to hear that. I will assist you.
Hello, I am so sorry to hear that.
I will assist you.
May I ask you if there was a note left at the door?
Yes there was
May I ask you to provide me the details of the note?
It says that the item was delivered
I am so sorry to hear that. Can I have your address please?
I am so sorry to hear that.
Can I have your address please?
2794 Conaway Street, Bloomington, IN 47408
Thank you so much for that information.
Is there any update?
Hello?
I can confirm that the address is the same as we have on record. I wil open and investigating ticket for you. So that we can investigate the problem.
I can confirm that the address is the same as we have on record.
I wil open and investigating ticket for you.
So that we can investigate the problem.
Okay thank you!
We will contact you within 24 hours. If you do not hear from us within the next 24 hours, will you be so kind and contact us again?
We will contact you within 24 hours.
If you do not hear from us within the next 24 hours, will you be so kind and contact us again?
Yes I will
Thank you. Is there anything else I can assisit you with?
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can assisit you with?
No
Thank you for contacting Customer Service, Have a nice day.
You to
Thank you. Good Bye
Thank you.
Good Bye
Good bye
I was snowed in at my resort so I missed my flight. I finally got into town just now and was able to call. Can you help me with the next available flight?
I was snowed in at my resort so I missed my flight.
I finally got into town just now and was able to call.
Can you help me with the next available flight?
Are you there?
I recently missed my flight because I was snowed out and had no means of communicating until service came back
I am looking to get another flight back home
Is there anyone available to help me
Currently still
Looking for someone to help me. Is there anyone there?
Looking for someone to help me.
Is there anyone there?
I recently missed my flight because I was snowed if and I need to get a new flight. My service was out so this is the first time I've been able to make contact. Can anyone help me?
I recently missed my flight because I was snowed if and I need to get a new flight.
My service was out so this is the first time I've been able to make contact.
Can anyone help me?
Hello none of my channels are working. Can you help me?
Hello none of my channels are working.
Can you help me?
Is there anyone there?
I want to cancel my phone service because I am not happy.  Can anyone help me?
I want to cancel my phone service because I am not happy.
Can anyone help me?
Anyone there?
I was snowed in at my resort and missed my flight yesterday. Can you help me reschedule it?
I was snowed in at my resort and missed my flight yesterday.
Can you help me reschedule it?
I got snowed in and was left without any electricity for outside communication. As a result I missed my flight. Is there anyway to get a new one
I got snowed in and was left without any electricity for outside communication.
As a result I missed my flight.
Is there anyway to get a new one
hi there, I missed my flight because I was snowed in and I couldn't contact the airline
I would also like to schedule a return flight
Hi!  I just wanted to let you know I missed my flight.  I had no means of external communication and was unable to notify the airline.
Hi!
I just wanted to let you know I missed my flight.
I had no means of external communication and was unable to notify the airline.
I finally just arrived in town. Can you let me know when the next available flights are?
I finally just arrived in town.
Can you let me know when the next available flights are?
I missed a flight I had scheduled for yesterday because I was snowed in. I didn't have cell service where I was and his is the first hance I've had to talk to someone
I missed a flight I had scheduled for yesterday because I was snowed in.
I didn't have cell service where I was and his is the first hance I've had to talk to someone
Hello? :)
Hello?
:)
I recently moved and need to update my contact info to my new address
I also have need to have someone come here and install all the cables because my new place had none
Is anyone there?
Hello?
Anyone there to help me with an issues
Does this work?
I moved to a new apartment so I need to update my address and also schedule installation.
Hi I just recently moved and would like to update my new address on my acct. could I also request service for Internet?
Hi I just recently moved and would like to update my new address on my acct.
could I also request service for Internet?
Hello?
This wait is very long
Sorry for the wait, I can help you .
Hello, I have just moved and would like to update my address. I also need Internet installed because this house does not have the cabling installed. Thank you
Hello, I have just moved and would like to update my address.
I also need Internet installed because this house does not have the cabling installed.
Thank you
Hello?
Any chance I could have someone help me
It's been 30 minutes so am I going to be helped
Hello
Someone help me this is freaking unbelievable
no problem. I can help
no problem.
I can help
Hi can you help me? I missed my flight due to some severe weather, the place I was staying had no means for me to communicate with the airlines so I could not inform them of my situation. Can you help me in rebooking a new flight?
Hi can you help me?
I missed my flight due to some severe weather, the place I was staying had no means for me to communicate with the airlines so I could not inform them of my situation.
Can you help me in rebooking a new flight?
Sorry to hear that I can help you with that.
What is the flight number and the address of the flight you were supposed to take?
Sure...
Flight number 218 going to Indiana
